0,0,a,so has the united states finally gained the upper hand against the drug lords
1,1,a,why cant you make fun of chinese people because its just wong
2,1,a,the mexican word of the day is wheelchair for example hey mang i see you do not have a lunch today so wheelchair mine.
3,1,a,you know you are a bad driver when siri tells you after  feet stop and let me out
4,0,a,singapore nov.  — as chief executive of bhp billiton charles w. goodyear was fond of showing investors and journalists a chart of commodities prices dating back to the war of  — the -year view it was entitled.
5,0,a,let his posterity be destroyed and in the next generation let his name be clean put out
6,0,a,walters alone spent more than . million at neiman marcus according to charging papers.
7,0,a,he also served as the on-site manager of finance during the implementation period and developed a custom accounting system before returning to omaha nebraska.
8,0,a,presumably they had such bushy brains that even when some neurons died enough were left to function.
9,1,a,i went to a zoo yesterday that just had one dog in it. it was a shih tzu.
10,0,a,i do not think he had any interest in any of that riccio said.
11,1,a,what difference does an a make between nasa and nsa--it is astronomical.
12,0,a,phone call
13,0,a,the explosion -- which occured just after  pm  gmt shortly after most congressmen had left the premises -- destroyed part of the building is south lobby house speaker jose de venecia told local radio.
14,0,a,ubs has warned that it risked suffering a net loss this year and has announced write-downs worth billions of dollars on its mortgage-backed securities.
15,0,a,but he tells people to prepare for a rise of about three feet just in case.
16,0,a,other characters are composites good-looking troublemaker henry lowe the charismatic nate parker and the team is first woman an aspiring lawyer named samantha booke played with intelligence and quiet intensity by jurnee smollett.
17,0,a,avinity was founded by a team of serial technology entrepreneurs in early  with a broad experience in the video and networking industry.
18,0,a,hungry.
19,0,a,zagat has flourished in recent years without any true rival expanding its reach and branching into golf course and shopping ratings.
20,1,a,i wish there was a reality show where people learned grammar.
21,0,a,jane kennedy the financial secretary at the treasury last night refused to be drawn on whether the government would be liable for any loss of money.
22,0,a,last year  people in wales died while they were on the organ transplant waiting list according to government figures.
23,1,a,i shook this magic -ball for some advice and now there is cocaine everywhere
24,1,a,men in suits look really successful until you find out they work for the men in t-shirts and jeans
25,0,a,what they are doing is spoofing traffic or jamming traffic eckersley said.
26,0,a,in  kyl-lieberman passed by  to .
27,1,a,what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend wiped his ass
28,0,a,i say ‘it’s on just look at the dashboard and you’ll see a little indicator saying ready to drive’  mr. spallino said laughing.
29,1,a,sorry i burnt your degree from the university of phoenix thinking that a better degree would rise from its ashes.
30,0,a,for me as for many of you joining gannett was the best break of my life.
31,0,a,san antonio downed the kings for the fifth straight time.
32,1,a,how do you get a redneck to suck your dick put ranch on it...
33,1,a,what was the first porn movie about rappers called lewdicrous
34,1,a,i was driving along the other day when suddenly a deer ran out. i have no idea how it got in my car in the first place.
35,1,a,a guy i know calls women is periods shark week. i asked him why and he told me beware of blood in the water. the fearsome beast will bite your head clean off unprovoked when you least expect it.
36,0,a,the lakers led - after one quarter despite committing eight turnovers in the first  minutes.
37,1,a,the first rule of tautology club... the first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club. credittoxkcd[here]link
38,1,a,i have a friend who got severe burns on his hands to the point that he is virtually senseless. i feel for him.
39,1,a,why do rabbits make good mathematicians because they are constantly multiplying.
40,1,a,what do zero and nil have in common absolutely nothing
41,0,a,but pre-tax losses widened over the period to £ from £.
42,1,a,wow what a day. i volunteered at a soup kitchen caught up on my scrapbookin went  baby shower ran  miles then told lies on twitter.
43,0,a,beth finally said i feel like i just got high in a tanning bed.
44,0,a,the blast killed one and injured  others.
45,0,a,arndt joined exelon in .
46,0,a,children is fears over new database
47,1,a,need an ark i noah guy.
48,0,a,seasoned observers advise wearing much warmer clothing than you think you might need.
49,0,a,but promises of work soon evaporated and she has struggled to get by.