0,0,a,so has the united states finally gained the upper hand against the drug lords
1,1,a,why cant you make fun of chinese people because its just wong
2,1,a,the mexican word of the day is wheelchair for example hey mang i see you do not have a lunch today so wheelchair mine.
3,1,a,you know you are a bad driver when siri tells you after  feet stop and let me out
4,0,a,singapore nov.  — as chief executive of bhp billiton charles w. goodyear was fond of showing investors and journalists a chart of commodities prices dating back to the war of  — the -year view it was entitled.
5,0,a,let his posterity be destroyed and in the next generation let his name be clean put out
6,0,a,walters alone spent more than . million at neiman marcus according to charging papers.
7,0,a,he also served as the on-site manager of finance during the implementation period and developed a custom accounting system before returning to omaha nebraska.
8,0,a,presumably they had such bushy brains that even when some neurons died enough were left to function.
9,1,a,i went to a zoo yesterday that just had one dog in it. it was a shih tzu.
10,0,a,i do not think he had any interest in any of that riccio said.
11,1,a,what difference does an a make between nasa and nsa--it is astronomical.
12,0,a,phone call
13,0,a,the explosion -- which occured just after  pm  gmt shortly after most congressmen had left the premises -- destroyed part of the building is south lobby house speaker jose de venecia told local radio.
14,0,a,ubs has warned that it risked suffering a net loss this year and has announced write-downs worth billions of dollars on its mortgage-backed securities.
15,0,a,but he tells people to prepare for a rise of about three feet just in case.
16,0,a,other characters are composites good-looking troublemaker henry lowe the charismatic nate parker and the team is first woman an aspiring lawyer named samantha booke played with intelligence and quiet intensity by jurnee smollett.
17,0,a,avinity was founded by a team of serial technology entrepreneurs in early  with a broad experience in the video and networking industry.
18,0,a,hungry.
19,0,a,zagat has flourished in recent years without any true rival expanding its reach and branching into golf course and shopping ratings.
20,1,a,i wish there was a reality show where people learned grammar.
21,0,a,jane kennedy the financial secretary at the treasury last night refused to be drawn on whether the government would be liable for any loss of money.
22,0,a,last year  people in wales died while they were on the organ transplant waiting list according to government figures.
23,1,a,i shook this magic -ball for some advice and now there is cocaine everywhere
24,1,a,men in suits look really successful until you find out they work for the men in t-shirts and jeans
25,0,a,what they are doing is spoofing traffic or jamming traffic eckersley said.
26,0,a,in  kyl-lieberman passed by  to .
27,1,a,what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend wiped his ass
28,0,a,i say ‘it’s on just look at the dashboard and you’ll see a little indicator saying ready to drive’  mr. spallino said laughing.
29,1,a,sorry i burnt your degree from the university of phoenix thinking that a better degree would rise from its ashes.
30,0,a,for me as for many of you joining gannett was the best break of my life.
31,0,a,san antonio downed the kings for the fifth straight time.
32,1,a,how do you get a redneck to suck your dick put ranch on it...
33,1,a,what was the first porn movie about rappers called lewdicrous
34,1,a,i was driving along the other day when suddenly a deer ran out. i have no idea how it got in my car in the first place.
35,1,a,a guy i know calls women is periods shark week. i asked him why and he told me beware of blood in the water. the fearsome beast will bite your head clean off unprovoked when you least expect it.
36,0,a,the lakers led - after one quarter despite committing eight turnovers in the first  minutes.
37,1,a,the first rule of tautology club... the first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club. credittoxkcd[here]link
38,1,a,i have a friend who got severe burns on his hands to the point that he is virtually senseless. i feel for him.
39,1,a,why do rabbits make good mathematicians because they are constantly multiplying.
40,1,a,what do zero and nil have in common absolutely nothing
41,0,a,but pre-tax losses widened over the period to £ from £.
42,1,a,wow what a day. i volunteered at a soup kitchen caught up on my scrapbookin went  baby shower ran  miles then told lies on twitter.
43,0,a,beth finally said i feel like i just got high in a tanning bed.
44,0,a,the blast killed one and injured  others.
45,0,a,arndt joined exelon in .
46,0,a,children is fears over new database
47,1,a,need an ark i noah guy.
48,0,a,seasoned observers advise wearing much warmer clothing than you think you might need.
49,0,a,but promises of work soon evaporated and she has struggled to get by.
50,1,a,deleting your facebook is the new regaining your dignity.
51,0,a,meanwhile they said the possibility of any independent palestinian state being viable would shortly disappear.
52,0,a,they also say price curbs on consumer goods and energy as well as argentina is over-reliance on the current boom in commodities prices are keeping foreign investors away.
53,0,a,my personal experience of the care system comes from being in local authority care from an early age.
54,0,a,lenders and borrowers alike knew that such loans were dicey they were counting on the borrowers to refinance — which as long as home prices kept rising was a cinch.
55,1,a,guy shoves plastic farm animals up his butt doc says his condition is stable.
56,0,a,while in the mood to dispel rumors simon even gave the daily mail the final word on the longstanding gay buzz.
57,0,a,the same old textbook campaigns just will not do in this election obama said.
58,0,a,and the theology and tax policy are not entirely unrelated xenu used phony tax inspections as a guise for destroying his enemies.
59,0,a,after thursday is closing bell dell dell reported a  percent gain in second-quarter earnings which the world is no.  computer company credited to strong sales of computer servers and notebook pcs.
60,1,a,if the native americans that celebrated the first thanksgiving were still alive today what would they be most famous for their age.
61,0,a,the oregon state team had previously shown that first-generation captive-reared steelhead were just as successful reproductively as their wild-reared relatives producing just as many young.
62,1,a,my girlfriend does not know this but i put a dollar in an envelope every time we have sex. that is all im spending on her for christmas. so far she is getting a mcchicken.
63,1,a,whats the most deserted place on fathers day the visitation ward.
64,0,a,in the volume on political reforms the authors note that zhejiang is wealth has produced growing demands for political participation.
65,0,a,i have relinquished control over my decisions to the universal mind.
66,0,a,i went home to scrape it chop it into bite-size pieces and simmer it until tender.
67,0,a,doors creak and do not open fully a porch light that camp goers said burned different colors for more than  years on the same bulb finally went out this summer and the original chapel is boarded up after a tree fell on it.
68,1,a,girls are too sensitive. she said she was having twins and i said at least you will finally have  kids by the same father.
69,1,a,i was gonna post a joke about you... but i just realized it does not mean anything.
70,0,a,the region is not ready to tolerate a new crisis and the us is not able to plan it too mohammad ali hosseini iran is foreign ministry spokesman told reporters during his weekly press briefing.
71,0,a,steve mcclaren has endured a rollercoaster spell in charge of england and he admits there is still one more white-knuckle ride to survive.
72,1,a,customer looking at menu what is good me not much what is good with you him ... him ... me chicken salad. the chicken salad is good.
73,1,a,how do you know that someone you met is a harvard graduate he already told you so.
74,0,a,manila philippines ap - the philippine military has suspended or reassigned at least six junior officers suspected of recruiting soldiers for a coup attempt against the government the armed forces chief said friday.
75,1,a,i think i was an unwanted child im  years old and my mother is still chasing me around with a coat hanger
76,1,a,think before you yell at your kids. they are the ones who might have to bring you toilet paper in  minutes
77,0,a,ahmadinejad is public relations push appears aimed at presenting his views directly to a us audience amid rising strains and talk of war between the two nations.
78,0,a,iae officially opens its headquarters in downtown los angeles.
79,0,a,beetles do the same thing today but no one thought that they evolved this defense  million years ago poinar said.
80,0,a,drugs not art were clearly the context here but it was an odd physical premonition of sam kim’s dumb dumb bunny in which  dancers stagger and crumple through just those arrested mid-positions lost in a universe of their own while disco and house music thump around them.
81,1,a,my therapist asked me what i would feel if i shot someone. recoil i calmly answered.
82,1,a,i wanna make a toast to blind hookers you really gotta hand it to them.
83,0,a,and in doing so they have become part of a special brotherhood where serving together forms a bond that stands the eternal test of time with a memory that also finds the grandest sepulcher of all — a home in the hearts of brave men and women.
84,0,a,boing boing the much trafficked technology blog link  is known for its love of gadgets and this one was a doozy a rube goldberg assembly that incorporated a cigar box bent wood neck and wire.
85,0,a,councillor sean wright from the council said our young people have a lot of ability so i think this is a great chance for them to show what they can do and help to educate the community as well.
86,1,a,making snacks by san widge
87,0,a,samp have brought antonio cassano back from real madrid on loan but only after few other clubs wanted the gifted forward because of his temperamental reputation.
88,0,a,there aren’t quite as many words a minute as before but twista’s rhymes still arrive in a fast sharply enunciated onslaught.
89,1,a,my cell phone battery dies quicker than a mother in a disney movie
90,1,a,guys i really think  shades missed out on a really a big marketing slogan... climax in imax
91,1,a,i just killed a pizza boy and now i have to kill another one it is the domino effect
92,0,a,russian president vladimir putin proposed in june to share a russian-leased early warning radar in the ex-soviet azerbaijan with the united states.
93,1,a,[interview with girl at dating agency] i get shy around pretty girls [girl smiles brushing hair from her face] are you shy now not really
94,1,a,reddit is like playboy nobody reads the articles...
95,0,a,a federal appeals court on friday said the u.s. navy could use high-power sonar during exercises off the southern california coast despite the technology is threat to whales and other marine mammals.
96,0,a,anderson sprained the medial collateral ligament in his right knee saturday.
97,1,a,i would take capn crunch more seriously if his eyebrows were not on his hat.
98,1,a,what do you get when you cross a rooster with a jar of peanut butter a cock that sticks to roof of your mouth...
99,0,a,we missed the th anniversary black-tie gala thrown by new line cinema last friday but the reports keep coming in.
100,0,a,jan schakowsky - link
101,0,a,bhutto banned from long march
102,0,a,nominum contact agency contact lisa abbott carli ghelfi nominum bite communications +... +... link link
103,0,a,about  barefoot buddhist monks marched friday more than  miles through yangon is flooded streets sometimes in knee-deep water in a raging tropical downpour.
104,0,a,new zealand is simon daubney a crew member of america is cup winners alinghi has tested positive for substances linked to cocaine during this year is competition in spain organizers said monday.
105,1,a,it was jose is first day on the job... he introduced himself to his american co-workers im jose they replied if you are hose-a where is hose-b and hose-c
106,0,a,he allowed two runs and four hits in seven innings.
107,1,a,me [licking lips in anticipation] im nervous. i have never done a bungee jump before. instructor do not lick my lips again.
108,0,a,the rev. dale diggs of new promise said some in the nondenominational christian church were initially surprised at the choice of location for their new building which he hopes will be finished within two years.
109,0,a,icelandic film takes copenhagen is golden swan award
110,1,a,hello you have reached --narcissist how can you help me
111,0,a,ferry passenger numbers increase
112,1,a,what did the naughty rabbit leave for  easter deviled eggs.
113,1,a,dont trust any kids asking for bread this halloween. theyre more than likely just ducks dressed up as kids. i will not fall for that again.
114,1,a,is it raymen noodles or rawmun noodles i do not wanna sound stupid when asking the gas station clerk for a wine to complement my dinner.
115,0,a,he also defended his actions saying he had shown the images to give the context of his anti-speeding campaign.
116,0,a,storms  was arrested after failing field sobriety tests the report said.
117,1,a,what if you had an eye in your asshole imagine all the shit you would see...
118,1,a,what is the worst kind of incompetent leader.
119,0,a,parisians with a spare bicycle or motor scooter were renting them out on a web site that promised they could earn money thanks to the strike.
120,1,a,why is edward snowden still in russia the airport is snowden
121,0,a,the original newly industrializing economies exporting manufactured goods — south korea taiwan hong kong and singapore — paid wages that were about  percent of u.s. levels in .
122,1,a,did you hear about the raisin that slept with another raisin is wife no you are obviously not up to date with currant affairs.
123,1,a,what was the most successful love story in game of thrones shireen. she was only on tinder for a couple of minutes.
124,0,a,mrs edwards  said i just couldn’t believe they were serious.
125,1,a,the hipster a hipster was traveling down some river rapids. he came across a fork in the river and decided to take the left fork because the right was too mainstream
126,1,a,uses ipad as a phone hey look at me i am a hobbit
127,0,a,the increase was primarily a result of a non-cash charge of  related to stock-based compensation expense following the adoption of sfas no. r on july   along with enhanced sales and marketing activities focused on increasing sales of recently developed products and higher professional fees.
128,0,a,sad to say there wasn’t a dark force within miles of maría pagés’s self portrait which opened at the baryshnikov arts center on wednesday night.
129,0,a,it will become the new gold standard.
130,0,a,alexander who faces charges almost identical to simpson’s said he went to las vegas for a wedding and not to see simpson.
131,0,a,lions director robert redford is reading of contemporary events in washington and the middle east took in just . million from  markets.
132,1,a,how many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb none. they will just compliment it and get pissed when it will not screw.
133,0,a,vehicles associated with ongoing construction work had relatively unrestricted access to the site he added.
134,0,a,it is too many interruptions.
135,0,a,so there really wasn’t anything to tithe on he said.
136,1,a,emotional wedding i went to a wedding last week. it was very emotional. even the cake was in tiers. credit to pigoletto on the funny subreddit
137,1,a,my ex asked me what would make her new shoes look more sexy. give them to your sister was apparently a relationship breaking answer
138,0,a,some were electrocuted.
139,0,a,and it could provide a boost to the obscure women is league in england which is semipro but supplies the players to the national team.
140,1,a,why did the blonde cross the road i do not  know. neither did she.
141,0,a,klein said kawaoka was pressing to conduct the research in a less restrictive level  lab.
142,1,a,what kind of pants does the pink panther wear denim denim denim denim denim denim deniiiiim
143,1,a,what does a martial artist get at starbucks chai tea
144,0,a,on november th italy is centre-right leader turned up in a milan piazza where his followers were collecting signatures for a petition calling for the ouster of romano prodi is centre-left government.
145,0,a,reuters quoted the head of the town hospital dr khalilullah saying they had received the bodies of  people and  wounded but the governor would confirm only  dead.
146,1,a,what color do smurfs turn if you choke them
147,1,a,what did the cannibal ask for in his burrito human beans
148,1,a,why did the run-on sentence take a pregnancy test because its period came too late.
149,1,a,saturday night is for moaning my name. sunday morning is for chanting it.
150,0,a,although it kept its hold rating the broker said the cut was due to a more bearish view on the u.s. and uk macroeconomic outlook and the impact of a news corp-owned wall street journal.
151,1,a,a spider jumped on my wife which made her stumble backwards and fall over her bag. oh how i laughed. tweet posted from the guest bedroom.
152,0,a,foreigners are prohibited from majority ownership in many sectors of the indian economy from finance to power and railroads and from participating in markets like commodities exchanges.
153,1,a,what is an australian kiss a french kiss down under  first post here a coworker of mine told me the joke. go easy 
154,0,a,the -year-old mozeliak had served as assistant general manager under jocketty for the past five years.
155,0,a,by comparison the overall retail industry is expected to see holiday sales grow  percent according to the national retail federation.
156,0,a,name sabina rizvi
157,0,a,the general office of the forum committee will be relocated to infosure is new office in zhongguancun beijing -- the china silicon valley.
158,0,a,the uscm poverty policy is also a part of the mayors -point plan -- the organization is legislative agenda.
159,0,a,he asked her to watch his house while he was at work and call him if she noticed anything strange weaver said.
160,1,a,can anyone tell me where the aby sea is someone said pirates can not learn the alphabet but i be having some difficulties navigating through the aby sea part.
161,1,a,what do anal sex and bungee jumping have in common if the rubber breaks you are in the shit.
162,1,a,im really worried what will happen if donald trump runs as a third party candidate. im afraid there will be hell toupee.
163,1,a,so it is my anniversary i could not think of what to get her... but i finally settled on a plunger because bitches love bringing up old shit
164,0,a,the royals last swept three at home from detroit in april . ...
165,1,a,the good thing about women who like f is that they like men who finish fast
166,1,a,how do you make a hormone slap her in the bum.
167,0,a,it is the first time that georgia is fractured opposition has united to challenge mr saakashvili since he was swept to power in a peaceful rose revolution in .
168,1,a,people with house arrest ankle bracelets get so touchy when you compare them to a dog is invisible fence.
169,1,a,how do you blind fold an asian you put floss over their eyes.
170,0,a,the effects of that injection will begin to wear off after about an hour by which time england will hope to have put the outcome of the match beyond doubt and ensured there is no repeat of the chorus of boos that echoed around wembley at the end of last month is friendly defeat by germany.
171,0,a,the couple has priced the condo at  less than they paid.
172,1,a,what did the mute kid say to his friend
173,1,a,what is the difference between light and hard you can sleep with a light on.
174,1,a,i have just discovered the quickest way to call a family meeting. i turned off the wifi router and simply waited in the room where it is located.
175,0,a,sir ian whose office was effectively on trial during the case had said before it started that he feared a guilty verdict would have a profound impact on policing throughout the uk.
176,1,a,what is the difference between golf and lady godiva one is a hunt on a course.
177,0,a,a plan for further cost reductions will be finalized this year he said.
178,1,a,i have a pakistani girl friend. last night she said that she wanted to blow me. now i was not sure if i should lower my pants or call the cops.
179,1,a,what do you call an aardvark outside buckingham palace a guardvark.
180,1,a,every time i read news about iss im like what did isis do this time... half way through the article... how the hell did they get to space. oh wait damn you dyslexia.. edit joke
181,0,a,somehow i doubt it.
182,0,a,special ticket offer times readers can gain two for the price of one entrance to goldsmtihs fair on presentation of a print-out of any page of the above article.
183,0,a,the reappearance of heavy security in yangon came a day after detained pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi met with a newly appointed myanmar government official part of a u.n.-brokered attempt to nudge her and the military junta toward reconciliation.
184,0,a,davidson continued and while our earnings performance has been a source of frustration this year we can clearly point to a number of positives relative to our operational efficiency.
185,0,a,he chased a man who had attacked a woman at the same underground station in the early s but did not catch him.
186,0,a,but a fourth an egyptian who apparently bragged that he masterminded the operation was cleared of all charges at the end of europe is biggest islamic terror trial.
187,1,a,why do pirates love sunny weather because there is lots of aye arrr ir radiation.
188,1,a,what does an it guy use for birth control his personality.
189,0,a,the ancient-dna world goes by a very stringent set of criteria. ...
190,1,a,me where is your brother oldest child where is another roll of duct tape me sprints to the basement
191,1,a,my neighbours just submitted a petition that i stop setting traps for stray pigs after i caught my th police man today.
192,1,a,how do you tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist ask himher to pronounce unionized edit gets + upvotes karma remains at ...
193,0,a,the couple is expecting their first child in late spring or early summer cafarelli said.
194,0,a,since  japan’s navy has been providing fuel for coalition forces in afghanistan under an anti-terrorism law that has been extended three times.
195,0,a,los angeles california ap -- ellen degeneres talk show was put on hold for a day because of her emotionally wrenching dog-adoption drama.
196,0,a,but at  he traveled with his chorus to an international music competition in wales.
197,0,a,hope the russian cockroach gives birth to first space babies
198,1,a,people tell me i use too many cliches. but i take it with a pinch of salt.
199,1,a,an aborigine walks into a bar wearing one sandal.  lost a sandal dude  asks the barman.  nahfound one  replies the aborigen.
200,0,a,they can get it by agreeing to interviews and agreeing to forums.
201,1,a,what do you call a gay dinosaur a megasoreass
202,0,a,about half a dozen police investigators sifted through evidence and took measurements saturday morning at the scene of the shooting and bombing attack on bhutto in the garrison city of rawalpindi that also killed  people.
203,1,a,hilarious  ways in which parents put us through tortures during our childhood.
204,0,a,i just hope to recover the money i have lost during the last ten years the rest is for the children in the third world mr morel replied.
205,1,a,i just burned  calories. that is the last time i leave brownies in the oven while i nap.
206,0,a,taping locations can include actual football fields with end zones and goalposts grassy back yards and even local beaches.
207,1,a,dear santa -- for  all i want is a slim body and a big fat bank account. please do not mix it up like last year.
208,1,a,what did the photographer say when he retired i can not take it anymore.
209,1,a,catch up or catch it what do you do meet an old friend what do you do when someone throws a ball what do you put on a hamburger what do you find in a litter box
210,0,a,transmission data is encrypted using a transaction key which is dynamically generated at every mutual authentication.
211,0,a,scotland b smith mcnaughton armstrong berra dods collins  stewart broadfoot  whittaker mccormack  thomson adam  iwelumo fletcher  howard wallace.
212,1,a,if you made a viral video of a cow... it would be called a bo-vine.
213,0,a,ethical funds typically invest their cash in socially responsible businesses staying away from the arms trade or tobacco companies.
214,1,a,the moral of the three little pigs is make your house with bricks. why are we giving four year olds architectural advice
215,0,a,of make me a song the new york post says the cabaret-style show is a decidedly no-frills affair with the only visual touch being a neon portrait of the composer and the musical accompaniment provided by a sole pianist on a movable platform.
216,1,a,paula deen reportably has type  diabeties. any word on she is serving it with butter
217,0,a,last year they had  in  regular-season games.
218,1,a,elmer fudd knew how to deal with a duck face.
219,1,a,u can give out anything on halloween it does not have to be candy last year i gave a kid my cable bill it was awesome he paid it and everything
220,1,a,what is the difference between a sock and a camera a sock takes five toes and a camera takes photos.
221,1,a,me do not be mean to my friend. her your friend just broke in my door and almost strangled me. me i said he was my friend not yours.
222,1,a,drugs are never the answer kids. unless the question is why have you been checking under the carpet for lizards for  days straight
223,1,a,stupid people who suddenly make a smart decision have no idea how confusing that is for the rest of us.
224,0,a,the official charts company will not accept free radiohead sales for inclusion.
225,0,a,in addition to the production and lands in southwest saskatchewan canetic will also acquire approximately  boe per day of production located in the northern regions of alberta and british columbia.
226,1,a,my favorite pickup line... the ford f series
227,0,a,instead soldiers from another brigade in salahuddin province next door will expand into diyala thereby broadening its area of responsibility.
228,1,a,what are a mathematician is five favourite numbers   e pi.
229,1,a,what are the best clothes to wear to the dance club boots and pants and boots and pants and boots and pants...
230,1,a,what did the mexican firefighter name his two sons jose and hose b. it sounds better when said aloud.
231,1,a,fact a good beer will not lose its label after sitting in a cooler of ice water all week. related why is there still beer in the cooler
232,0,a,benjamin hsu who founded the site with his brother dan is .
233,1,a,q what is the last thing a tossed salad says to itself before being devoured by a human a lettuce pray
234,0,a,one person arrested over the summer told police he had four sexual encounters in three hours and it was only on his fifth approach that someone objected hogan said.
235,0,a,investors likewise will be poring over the economic data that will trickle in all week tuesday is reading on the u.s. trade deficit will be a particularly closely watched report.
236,1,a,my spanish teacher taught me the word for transgender i asked him if the word is masculine or feminine
237,0,a,that might be another black monday.
238,0,a,terrence trammell a silver-medal specialist at major events finished second in . ahead of u.s. teammate david payne in third place.
239,0,a,the mcc could do worse than video that one for their famed coaching manual.
240,1,a,in  years people will celebrate all this with chocolate eggs delivered by an imaginary rabbit. ~time travelling me to pontius pilate.
241,0,a,detectives who carried out house-to-house inquiries believe those responsible were from the village and had targeted the house while the home owner was out for the night.
242,0,a,kent police said the female member of staff who was alone in the shop was shaken but not injured.
243,0,a,stoudemire suns scorch depleted knicks
244,0,a,detroit ap - the detroit tigers might be putting it together just in time to keep their postseason hopes alive.
245,1,a,a bee will knowingly risk its own life just to cause you a little pain. i can totally relate to that feeling.
246,1,a,saw my mate wanking today oops that was meant to say wayne king damn auto correct.
247,0,a,the report says more must be done to assure the security of civilians in the face of threats of this major military offensive by government troops.
248,0,a,you’ll see more kilts and hear more bagpipes than you will on a trip to scotland.
249,1,a,q why did ariel wear seashells a because she grew out of her b shells.
250,1,a,what does the fox say not the news
251,1,a,my kids constantly yell at me whenever i try take their pictures and i tell em you are gonna need them in  years for your throw back thursdays updates..... whatever..
252,1,a,i just went to see the local police chief give a talk on heroin. i could not understand a word he said
253,0,a,but it was the art that told me how hopelessly retro i am.
254,1,a,a roman gladiator walks into a bar... link holds up two fingers. give me five beers please.
255,1,a,upon seeing my wife and my mate fucking in our bed i noticed that they made a very beautiful couple. so i clubbed them together
256,1,a,a construction worker comes home from work. he tells his wife honey i cut off my finger today. she replies the whole finger. he says no the one right next to it.
257,0,a,democrats then turned to benchmarks that bush mentioned in a jan.  speech explaining his decision to send u.s. reinforcements to iraq as part of a u.s.-iraqi security plan.
258,0,a,at halftime the colts had only  yards in offense and failed to score a first-half touchdown for the first time all season.
259,1,a,resolva qualquer problema. e simples... escreva qual o problema e clique em resolver  link link
260,0,a,link also gives a rundown on everything you might need to know about buying from the absolute basics to detailed examples such as a deed of trust template essential for those planning to buy with friends.
261,0,a,europe is half-point from pettersen and gustafson was something of a bonus considering they found basically every patch of trouble on this long but not overly narrow swedish golf course.
262,1,a,why did candycain go to jail because he killed candy-abel
263,0,a,the county also established a tree fund to promote planting on private property.
264,1,a,how to look at life positively life
265,1,a,kool-aid man breaks through wall. oh ya. [breaks nd wall] oh ya. [rd wall] ohhh yeaahh. [breaks th wall] winks at camera
266,1,a,yo mama is so stupid that she burned down the house with a cd burner.
267,0,a,no military confrontation with iran egypt october  
268,1,a,did you hear about the preschool kidnapping he woke up
269,1,a,in honour of back to the future i just went back in time one hour. that is the joke.
270,0,a,september’s figures were below economists’ forecasts.
271,1,a,me hmm. my biggest weakness tough question. i guess some people say im delusional uber driver i did not say anything
272,1,a,what do you get when you cross a duck with an octopus fired and blacklisted from the genetics industry.
273,1,a,where is macau in mfield
274,0,a,but tensions are still rife and the anniversary of saddam is execution reminded many iraqis that violence is never far away.
275,1,a,heard this while at a canadian airport. lady we are going to the states for a few days. oldman i would not do that if i were you. lady why not oldman it is full of americans.
276,0,a,updated  a.m.
277,0,a,the wound had to be closed with two staples he said and the headaches that resulted lasted months.
278,0,a,finally one of the hallmarks of our legal system is the right to appeal a lower court is decision.
279,1,a,why are hurricanes named after women because they arrive wet and wild then leave with your house and car
280,1,a,im like the fruit cake of my family. nobody likes me but i show up every christmas anyway.
281,0,a,all it needs is a u.s. or israeli strike against iran is nuclear program for them to come down strong on the local jewish population.
282,1,a,i was tired of the fascist dictator who ran the bird imitators society.. so i took control with a violent coup.
283,0,a,karen barber was also told to do  hours of unpaid community work.
284,1,a,instead of cursing and swearing when someone cuts me off in traffic i just yell lyrics from spice girl songs out the window
285,1,a,i heard people in jail can only turn left. because they lost all their rights.
286,0,a,she wanted to be aggressive from the first tee shot.
287,0,a,in this regard gaap refers to generally accepted accounting principles in the united states.
288,0,a,and when you do decide to use the frozen berries you’ll get better results if you don’t thaw them first.
289,1,a,a word in this sentence is misspelled. misspelled.
290,1,a,what did the mexican get on his sat is taco crumbs
291,0,a,foreign visitors tend to admire but not really like the city she said in an interview at the time because they unconsciously realize they’re being shut out.
292,0,a,in retirement i will certainly miss the camaraderie with my teammates and the interaction with the fans most of all.
293,0,a,his plan for prolonging the party just a little more more more was hatched in the oriental hotel but idol allegedly soaked the carpets with some kind of fluid and was quickly asked to vacate.
294,1,a,how old do kids have to be when you can start saying fuck you. to their faces instead of behind their backs
295,0,a,halas hired two cameramen to record the practice one who shot in perfect focus for the bears and one who purposely twisted the lens to blur the players and the field.
296,1,a,why did the chicken cross the road today to get away from all the assholes making prince jokes.
297,0,a,three other members of the expedition were found dead last week.
298,1,a,remember ladies the knight with the shiniest armour has done the least amount of brave or cool shit.
299,1,a,why can not the pirate get to any subreddits he keeps typing arrr
300,0,a,it might even do more harm than good.
301,0,a,pinguino is easily accessible situated approximately  meters  feet above sea level in low-relief topography.
302,0,a,then you freeze the liquid overnight place the frozen block in a strainer over a bowl and let it thaw in the refrigerator a day or two.
303,0,a,but the former engineering professor soon found himself drawn into the type of rhetoric that has alienated american audiences in the past.
304,0,a,when the oscar winner takes her cup of joe on the road she carries it in a reusable mug.
305,0,a,a spokesman said he had no interest in relitigating the  race.
306,0,a,sbio pte ltd russo partners stephen keith rhind ph.d. tony russo + -- senior vice president link corporate development andreas marathovouniotis + -- tel +   singapore link link
307,1,a,my childhood joke teacher why are you late student because of the sign on the road. teacher what type of sign student the sign that says school ahead go slow..
308,1,a,why did the two tampons not talk to each other because they are both stuck up cunts
309,0,a,barry clark  an engineer has sold his two businesses to take the trip of a lifetime with his wife and children.
310,0,a,from then on the indians referred to the island as manahachtanienk -- literally the high island.
311,1,a,the three unwritten rules of life . . .
312,0,a,with headquarters in farmington connecticut otis employs  people offers products and services in more than  countries and territories and maintains . million elevators and escalators worldwide.
313,0,a,this discovery transforms incredible diversity. from a photography exhibition into a profound message from the past -- one that gives us hope for the future in an age of extreme ideological conflict.
314,1,a,how can you tell you are at a gay bar-b-que all the hot dogs taste like shit....
315,1,a,the national shredded cheese council just endorsed donald trump for president... they are ready to make america grate again.
316,0,a,most of those who see a split are americans israelis and pro-fatah palestinians with an interest in portraying hamas as divided and becoming more extreme.
317,1,a,i just shaved my legs for the first time in  weeks so if you will come clean out my tub i will not judge u for making a beautiful rug
318,1,a,two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. buh dum tsss
319,0,a,i knew deep in my heart that the people of south yorkshire would not let the people of south yorkshire down.
320,0,a,wit - weapons intelligence teams tasked to u.s. military is counter-ied effort
321,1,a,if you ever wanna impress a girl just bring a baby on your date and then basically just outperform the baby at everything it is really easy
322,1,a,pretty girl walks by and does not make eye contact she must be intimidated that i manage a fantasy football team that is -
323,0,a,the research behind gopor - the active compound isolated from rosa canina a type of rosehip is very interesting.
324,1,a,what do you call  rabbits marching backwards a receding hairline
325,0,a,he has promised to resign as army chief if elected to a new five-year term restoring civilian rule.
326,0,a,if they can prove their argument there may yet be one final twist in an extraordinary season.
327,1,a,what is better than kiddie porno adult porno. kiddie porn is gross you sick fuck.
328,0,a,the european lab columbus will fly up on atlantis as early as december.
329,1,a,a vulture carrying two dead raccoons tries to board an airplane... and the flight attendant says im sorry sir. you are only allowed one carrion.
330,0,a,however the bank warned that the economy must be carefully piloted with analysts expecting more inflation and global economic turbulence spreading.
331,1,a,what is the difference between a fox and a dog about  beers.
332,0,a,meanwhile democrats are being pressed to cut funding for the war by a well-organized coalition of anti-war groups calling for an immediate withdrawal of all u.s. forces from iraq.
333,0,a,we were left pretty clean in terms of seasonal markdowns.
334,1,a,i met a famous american comedian on a white house tour i walked up to him tapped him on the shoulder and said hey i thought you retired in 
335,1,a,having the option to erase and re-record after having to leave a voicemail is one of my favorite things about life.
336,1,a,what do you call an epileptic in the garden seizure salad
337,1,a,has anyone out there tried starbucks coffee it is really good. i think that they have a location in la.
338,0,a,even some members of the business community were let down.
339,1,a,what is the difference between rihanna and britney spears ... britney asked to be hit one more time..
340,0,a,his lawyer michael hulley said zuma was to face various charges of racketeering money laundering corruption and fraud.
341,0,a,it has enough vibrant hop bitterness to appeal to any i.p.a. lover yet it is fresh and lively brisk and energizing with both a pilsnerlike purity and a complexity suggestive of belgium’s saison ales.
342,1,a,temples are free to enter but still empty. pubs charge to enter but are full. people ignore inner peace andchoose to pay for self destruction
343,0,a,according to minister rachid m. rachid the world economic forums decision to return to egypt amounts to a vote of confidence by the global community in egypts efforts to state the course of reform and market liberalization.
344,1,a,im done drinking for good... now i drink for evil.
345,1,a,as a farmer i have heard lots of jokes about sheep. i told them to my dog but he would heard them all.
346,1,a,why do vampire is use linux because they do not like windows in their house. badumtss
347,1,a,knock knock who is there dewt dew de dew dew dewt dew do dew dew who menah menah
348,1,a,you seem to like blonde jokes around here. here is my favorite why did the blonde have such a terribly bruised belly button her boyfriend was blond as well.
349,1,a,i saw an all frog production of frozen yesterday... it was toad-aly cool.
350,1,a,first kiss bf finally kissed her gf gf wow i can not believe that a kiss is so nice.. bf ofcourse i told you.. is it your first kiss smiling gf yes. since my ex boyfriends wants sex right away
351,0,a,mike is a good guy ms. maggorno said as she introduced a group of friends to him.
352,0,a,not surprisingly there is a caveat to all this the fed is cut in interest rates comes at a time when prices on energy and commodities are rising.
353,0,a,home depot agreed sunday to make several concessions in the sale of the unit hd supply including lowering the price by . billion to . billion and keeping a sizable stake in the unit.
354,1,a,avocado not ripe avocado not ripe avocado not ripe avocado im ripe now avocado okay you were in the bathroom so i rotted
355,0,a,police investigate girl is death
356,0,a,as a result the number of troops in iraq could be higher in the summer of  than it was in the fall of  before the surge began a fact likely to infuriate mr. bush’s critics and upset even some republican supporters.
357,1,a,im glad lassie wasnt my dog. i just want to watch tv i do not want to be constantly rescuing people.
358,0,a,the administration also prohibited any u.s. citizens from doing business with the designated individuals.
359,1,a,if i won  i would give a quarter of it to charity... link sure what i would do with the other . though.
360,0,a,according to radio reports the financiero newspaper reported the quake downed power and telephone lines.
361,1,a,i thought a drone was the sound women make when you are trying to watch the game
362,1,a,my protractor wanted to know what my plans were for this weekend not sure what his angle is
363,1,a,a woman walks into a brothel trying to find work... do you have any openings here she asks the manager. the manager replies sorry we have too many right now.
364,0,a,she was last seen alive at the bluemagic lounge a ramshackle beer joint.
365,0,a,mr shiner was invited to take part in the review on behalf of daoud mousa.
366,0,a,a follow-up experiment could try transmitting power from the international space station to earth.
367,0,a,only bodyguards and members of the media were allowed near.
368,0,a,governments and regional authorities from the industrial might of norway to rural africa see it as the way ahead.
369,0,a,he successively named prominent politicians to collect information on how a government might be formed negotiate between the parties and ultimately asked would-be prime minister yves leterme to form a cabinet.
370,0,a,silverbacks can be solitary and they need to interact with other males to get a family otherwise they will be solitary forever.
371,0,a,in the latest report mr elbaradei said iran has provided more information on past aspects of its nuclear programme.
372,1,a,i did it again i put way too much hairspray on my back hair now i can not sleep.
373,1,a,coworker i could care less. me how much less could you care coworker i do not get it. me i noticed.
374,0,a,cnn -- yong nam was appointed vice chairman and ceo of lg electronics effective january  .
375,0,a,radio stations aired his unmistakable recordings in tribute to his memory.
376,0,a,in a few days they will be travelling with a police team and the prosecutor of portimão.
377,0,a,rivers is high on her list.
378,1,a,you should never call your ex a whore it is offensive to prostitutes everywhere.
379,0,a,loving frank an enthralling first novel by nancy horan is set at the same time as doctorow’s modern classic — the decade before world war i — and recreates its weld of fact and fiction wrapped around the core theme of female self-actualization.
380,0,a,however when he did although a giggly sims and lufti passed the phone back and forth spears did not continue the interview.
381,1,a,times are tough my daughter just repossessed a paper airplane she made me over a quarter i owed her from yesterday
382,1,a,marriage should be traditional. as it was in the bible. between a man and a rib.
383,0,a,everybody get home.
384,0,a,as the country focuses on a highly anticipated report on the war next month mccain will present arguments in washington and on the campaign trail for staying and winning in iraq while democrats push for a withdrawal timetable.
385,0,a,senior nurse
386,1,a,just saw a car with a license plate that says flsh me. ok douche. what are you a dead goldfish flush yourself.
387,0,a,these will make the association for all practical purposes impossible to interpret reliably.
388,0,a,sotheby is link
389,1,a,fear factor would have been much scarier if it had just been people in their twenties trying to figure out how to have careers
390,1,a,two men walk into a bar... you would think the second one would have noticed
391,1,a,how to test your dog is iq a canadian psychologist is selling a video that teaches you how to test your dog is iq. here is how it works if you spend . for the video your dog is smarter than you.
392,1,a,did you hear about the leper who visited the whorehouse he left a big tip.
393,0,a,that is a bit of advice i now preach because when it starts to fall out phew that is rough.
394,0,a,i think that bush is looking...i think that he cares about the issues in sudan.
395,1,a,people who remote lock their car  times seriously have trust issues. personally i do it  times but that is just my ocd.
396,1,a,i have not had anything to eat all year. it is  january st where i am
397,0,a,according to the china youth daily newspaper one brewery in the east of the country was refused a .m loan for continual breaches of rules regarding wastewater discharge.
398,0,a,in september the vatican said benedict would visit new york to address the un next year most likely in april but gave no other details.
399,0,a,the coolsw site started as an internal project used by company employees to call attention to their favorite software startups.
400,1,a,you want to know who never gets checked for their id humidity.
401,1,a,how do you keep a man in suspense
402,0,a,but earlier this year then-health minister rosie winterton told parliament more than  million people were unable to find an nhs dentist.
403,1,a,when does a pedophile enjoy a basketball match the most before the first period.
404,0,a,the sla had earlier said the fighting came as a stab in the back for their alliance with khartoum.
405,0,a,tottenham dominated the opening exchanges but david bentley should have put blackburn in front in the th minute.
406,1,a,my girlfriend told me that if i took her to get sushi i did not have to use a condom after. she is getting the raw end of that deal.
407,0,a,historians have differed on his power.
408,1,a,i hate when movies say may contain nudity. well does it does not it i do not want to waste my time.
409,0,a,the red sox couldn’t do anything with it.
410,1,a,why does a billionaire need a bat signal he is in a cave. how does he even see the signal why will not you just text him
411,0,a,we lost the play-off so we will be hoping to go one better this year.
412,0,a,it reduced the chance of death over the study period by  per cent.
413,1,a,today my boss will learn that i am nowhere near mature enough to be left alone with a label maker.
414,1,a,what do you call someone addicted to both crack and weed a rockin roller.
415,1,a,a latvian haiku where is potatoes this winter is very cold. family is starve.
416,0,a,top union officials also condemned the arson attacks.
417,1,a,what video game would adolf hitler play mein kraft.
418,0,a,the change  orbiter will use stereo cameras and x-ray spectrometers to map three-dimensional images of the lunar surface and study its dust.
419,0,a,afghan troops and the nato-led international security assistance force isaf conducted an operation in the yakha chena area of karangal district of eastern kunar province the defence ministry said in a statement.
420,0,a,meanwhile in a large bowl whisk together sugar and lemon zest.
421,0,a,they were also about . times more likely to binge eat and use extreme weight-control behaviors the study said.
422,0,a,as has been reported on many occasions i was not aware of the order to disband the army until after it was issued.
423,0,a,witnesses said the worst of the storm lasted only about  seconds.
424,1,a,pro tip no matter how much you hate wrapping never ask your wife to wrap her own christmas presents.
425,0,a,i know that young people in care can find themselves the victims of negative stereotypes and combined with financial and emotional pressures successfully completing high school education or going to college or university is just not often an option.
426,0,a,logo link
427,1,a,i like my coffee like i like my women. black and willing to choke me a little bit.
428,0,a,goalies_carolina ward --  shots- saves.
429,0,a,also he said how are the firms competing to know whether they are going to get a fair shake going forward
430,1,a,my son called me marc i said that is a little presumptuous. call me dad he replied now who is being presumptuous
431,0,a,but i do not think it is sustainable - for a simple reason.
432,1,a,im going to start an abortion clinic... link do not kid yourself.
433,0,a,torrential rains and floods have ravaged much of sub-saharan africa in recent weeks killing around  people and affecting . million others in  nations.
434,1,a,really should not if you are always putin things off you will end up russian.
435,1,a,why are  of the  letters in the english alphabet problematic to jewish people because they are not c is.
436,0,a,but those blowouts also fueled talk about the patriots being the best team ever.
437,0,a,savvy marketers are seeking out the one group of consumers who are truly immune to macroeconomic issues the ultra-rich.
438,1,a,this cab driver has zero clue that ive played crazy taxi extensively and am critiquing his every move
439,0,a,the monitor is editorial board is regarded as a liberal one on many issues so it is not surprising that they would criticize governor romney for his conservative views and platform madden said.
440,0,a,other animals were led into the home is fenced back yard.
441,0,a,as part of sunpower is commitment to grid alternatives it will offer a preferred rate on its high-efficiency solar panels for low-income and nonprofit clients throughout california enable sunpower employees to volunteer on company time to help install these solar electric systems in communities around the bay area and give direct financial support to help grid alternatives expand and install more solar-electric systems in low-income communities statewide.
442,0,a,we can not expect independent honest assessments of the situation.
443,0,a,but alaskans appreciate on a personal level the role of petroleum in their state.
444,0,a,to report a claim directly to chubb they may call -claims- - or send a fax to --.
445,1,a,guess why because.
446,1,a,which side of the goose has the most feathers the outside
447,0,a,exploiting public rage over the killings of what police said were  civilians by blackwater guards anti-american cleric muqtada al-sadr demanded that the government ban all  foreign security contractors.
448,0,a,pressley is contract with celtic expires at the end of the season underlining how important it is for him to force his way back into the first-team picture as soon as possible.
449,1,a,mom i wanna go bungee jumping. no. but all my friends are going oh. so if your friends jump off a cliff will you too link
450,0,a,the spike should not have shocked city officials especially in light of figures showing new york housing costs in the same period rising more than in any other major city in the nation.
451,0,a,we take animal welfare very seriously in wales and i do have concerns about the use of such training aids particularly electric shock collars.
452,1,a,i got my first blow job today it sucked
453,1,a,what do you call someone that likes to show off her ovaries an eggshibitionist
454,0,a,that interaction could be reading books or telling stories or just getting down on the floor and playing.
455,1,a,girlfriend pressuring you to have a baby set the alarm on her phone to an infant screaming. if that does not changer her link her.
456,1,a,her parents tell us how u two love birds met me we were in a tweet contest and was added to a dm room and then i gave her a fake trophy hp ..
457,0,a,i can remember those games truly as if they were a week ago oerter told the associated press last year.
458,1,a,no i do not have anything smaller than a twenty. you should. you are the one who is running a store.
459,0,a,syria has some explaining to do
460,0,a,we are proposing to do it twice in the governor’s term and so that does not follow what has occurred historically mr. sander said.
461,0,a,anyone who is ill should be very specific when people ask what they can do and tell them exactly what would be helpful.
462,0,a,all we have to do is start winning and you will never be able to get a ticket.
463,0,a,every year he’ll take a big group of young people and some who aren’t so young.
464,1,a,that awkward moment when the priest uses your confession as the theme for his sermon. again.
465,1,a,how many ants are needed to fill an apartment ten-ants
466,1,a,the pizza guy just said see u tomorrow maybe i eat too much pizza ...
467,1,a,so my pregnant wife wanted to introduce toys in the bedroom... i suggested a clothes hangar
468,1,a,the only nation i will ever rule is.... procrastination.
469,1,a,if video games taught me anything it is that you do not need to work because there is precious gems just laying around everywhere.
470,1,a,solar radiation has turned the american flags on the moon pure white... now it looks like france landed there...
471,1,a,i like to date intelligent girls who are taller than me. it keeps me on my toes.
472,0,a,thomas vinje a lawyer for the european committee for interoperable systems — an industry group that includes microsoft rivals sun microsystems inc. ibm corp. and oracle corp. — heralded the decision as a door opener for dynamic competition in the software industry.
473,1,a,what do call a fish with a phd a brain sturgeon.
474,1,a,why did the chicken cross the road orange you glad i did not say banana
475,1,a,the ghostbusters are women. this totally compromises the integrity of a story about battling evil marshmallows while dressed like a janitor
476,0,a,speedy dragon with revenues of . million contributed  of the company is revenue.
477,1,a,[on date] her i cant see u anymore me hiding under table lol i know h no i mean i cant see u anymore m still under table lol i know
478,0,a,monetary unit  gold cordoba =  centavos
479,1,a,what does a blonde and a tornado have in common they both start blowing but in the end they take everything from you.
480,0,a,in contrast the top half contains most of the big names with the quarterfinals already set opposing top seed justine henin against serena williams and third seed jelena jankovic against venus williams.
481,1,a,what is the difference between a bus station and a lobster with breast implants one is a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustacean
482,0,a,lauren pagel policy director for earthworks a group based in washington said that while the  law gives state and federal regulators little ability to block mining ventures the house bill would balance the needs of the mining industry against other land uses including outdoor recreation a growing priority in the west.
483,1,a,i used to think i was a fast reader and i was quite proud of it until i heard about these so called -  jumpers who went through over  stories in  seconds link repost comments
484,0,a,but then a week earlier the children is theatre company of minneapolis one of the country is premier family theaters opened its production to strong reviews including a rave in variety the show-biz bible.
485,0,a,the only leader who has called it by its real name according to kerr is a man wholly averse to war a pope who took his name from the benedict who interceded for peace in world war i.
486,1,a,how does the pope get around new york city mass transit.
487,1,a,the sign said fine for parking here and since it was fine i parked there.
488,1,a,if you are not sure how to spell a word there are thousands of english professors on twitter who will correct you.
489,1,a,i took a class on narcissism. im pretty sure i blew everyone away.
490,0,a,hashemi in an interview with egypt is weekly magazine al-ahram al-arabi scheduled for release saturday said he is in favor of removing the u.s. forces from iraq but the timing of such a decision is crucial kuna the kuwait news agency reported friday.
491,0,a,i have to be nice cook said.
492,1,a,oscar pistorius is soon getting out of jail.  months without sex you should hide ladies. but for the love of god not in the bathroom.
493,0,a,in an interview professor heston said it is a fairly pervasive effect that exists among both large- and small-cap stocks and across different industries.
494,0,a,i even encouraged two of my friends to give it a try and put in  each.
495,0,a,they threaten to detonate a gas tank and blow themselves up.
496,1,a,i always thought my brother was studying weather. . . but whenever i ask him he says he is studying meaty urology.
497,1,a,why do jews hate water because the last one that stepped into a shower got bad gas.
498,1,a,i made this joke up in my sleep... seriously. what does a bird say when he enters nofrills cheap cheap cheap...
499,0,a,guay has tried his hand at poetry in the past and said he might take up that pastime again to keep the words flowing.
500,1,a,what did the deaf blind mute handicapped kid get for christmas cancer.
501,1,a,my nsync tattoo i got it to remind me not to make impulsive decisions based on fleeting trends that i would regret for the rest of my life.
502,0,a,at an old public school building turned homeless shelter cancilla proudly shows off what they have done with so little.
503,0,a,last 
504,1,a,wanna burn fat quickly and without dieting here take this gasoline and matches.
505,0,a,the charles schwab corporation nasdaq schw is a leading provider of financial services with more than  offices and . million client brokerage accounts . million corporate retirement plan participants  banking accounts and . trillion in client assets.
506,1,a,by all means get married. if you get a good wife you will become happy. if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher.
507,1,a,what is everyone writing songs about john revolution paul forgiveness george true love ringo hmm a submarine or maybe an octopus
508,1,a,a policeman just knocked on the door. he said it looks like your wife has been in an accident... i said yes but she has a great personality.
509,0,a,the senate voted to raise the state is income tax from . percent to . percent a key step toward implementing a budget deal hours after the measure passed the house.
510,1,a,mother teresa walks into a bar
511,0,a,it now covers . million children and the new bill like the original one would add nearly four million children to the rolls.
512,1,a,the best insult ever is who is this clown because . you are calling them a clown . you are saying they are not even a well known clown
513,1,a,what is worse than sucking  raw oysters out of your grandma is vagina realizing you only put in 
514,0,a,the fact no mention of monetary policy was made in yesterday is speech in berlin has done little to placate the market and we are also seeing growing speculation that the fed may elect to cut rates by a half a point as they try to steer the economy away from recession hughes said.
515,1,a,i wish i had the immune system of an african baby i have heard they only get sick once in their whole lives.
516,0,a,smithsonian anthropologist douglas w. owsley said yesterday that the boy was just over five feet tall and probably had been an unhealthy youth because of a hole that was discovered between two chambers in his heart.
517,1,a,i saw a motorcycle with a broken windscreen and i thought that is not fairing too well.
518,1,a,are you a farmer cause you know how to raise a cock.
519,1,a,did you hear about the race between the two decapitated heads i heard they were neck and neck
520,0,a,had the university known about cho is history of mental illness steger said the administration might have treated him differently before the massacre.
521,0,a,aerial footage from an unmanned drone sent into the skies above haditha in the minutes after the bomb blast shows several bodies clustered close to a white car.
522,1,a,what is the difference between jews and boy scouts boy scouts come back from camp.
523,0,a,the -year-old pleaded guilty to two counts related to taunting the officer with racial slurs.
524,1,a,i was just dancing like nobody was watching and anyway... my dogs dialed  and these firemen think im having a seizure.
525,0,a,these people — sunni and shiite — are saying `i have had enough lynch said.
526,0,a,i was surprised at the caliber of weapon being used said capt. don cherry .
527,1,a,a bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
528,0,a,gambari is coming but i do not think it will make much of a difference said one hotel worker who like other residents asked not to be named fearing retaliation.
529,0,a,he said the display was not intended to insult anybody but the japanese were outraged.
530,0,a,ap - an inmate handcuffed inside a medical transportation van wednesday managed to steal a gun from the twice-retired -year-old sheriff is deputy at the wheel kill him with it and drive off authorities said.
531,1,a,unless you are telling me how to skip it in the future your voicemail greeting wastes my time.
532,0,a,we shall not be the first ones to fire arms.
533,1,a,cnn president obama saves the life of a choking child. fox failed president obama tries to take jobs away from hard working ems workers.
534,1,a,did you hear about... link new wspa building downtown the offices are so small you could not swing a cat in there.
535,0,a,the legislation has also been introduced in the house as h.r.  by representatives earl blumenauer d or- and christopher shays r ct-.
536,1,a,why did the mexicans only bring  people to the alamo they only had two vans
537,0,a,quintiles which also provides nurses and sales services to drug companies was founded by mr. gillings who is also its chairman in .
538,0,a,he remained in jail pending an appeal.
539,0,a,the release of jamal al-badawi a mastermind in the  uss cole bombing has outraged u.s. officials.
540,1,a,what is the definition of macho jogging home from your vasectomy.
541,1,a,you can tune a piano but you can not tuna fish.
542,0,a,it recommended beefed up u.s. intelligence and checks into whether the chinese were gaining military technology from research conducted by u.s. firms in china.
543,0,a,two months ago an iraqi named as hussein saber fadhil was arrested at venice airport on suspicion of planning kidnappings and attacks in iraq.
544,0,a,what at first seemed like a tragic accident turned out to be something much worse.
545,0,a,dmitriyev also discussed training of iranian specialists to operate the system.
546,1,a,two cans of red bull may give you x-ray vision but five cans give you the ability to hear oxygen.
547,0,a,fool your sweet tooth with scent
548,1,a,do not put all my eggs in one basket nice try basket industry.
549,0,a,twenty-six republicans voted for the measure along with  democrats and two independents.
550,0,a,hood milk is one of the stadium’s big sponsors.
551,1,a,how do you keep water warn in the winter have it wear an aqua-fur.
552,0,a,now the senate can celebrate the outing of parliamentary pimpernels by venturing at last into the world of electronic communication.
553,0,a,bush approves gradual troop cuts in iraq
554,0,a,who knew giuliani was moonlighting back at his old job
555,1,a,female praying mantises bite the heads off males while mating so if your mantis boyfriend shows up without a head he was cheating on you.
556,0,a,is senator clinton is campaign or any campaign supposed to be doing better than the authorities in california ... who had an open warrant for this guy and they did not do anything
557,1,a,i just drunk  monster energys and now i can smell abstract legislative euphemisms
558,1,a,teacher why are you pushing garlic into the computer is disk drive pupil to keep vampires off the internet teacher but there are not any vampires on the internet pupil see it works does not it
559,1,a,why does not nasa send cows to space because the stakes would be too high.
560,1,a,so an irish guy walks out of a bar pause for effect
561,0,a,its fuselage will be the first to make extensive use of composite materials rather than traditional aluminum.
562,1,a,what is the difference between a twitter post and a russian novel a twitter post is limited to  characters
563,0,a,further information on sst can be found on the company is web site at link
564,1,a,what is the hardest part about roller blading telling your parents that you are gay.
565,0,a,aboolian was concerned about a condition west had that may cause a heart attack during surgery said geffen declining to elaborate because of patient privacy rights.
566,1,a,what is green and flies over germany  snazis. this insanely corny joke brought to you by my dad circa . may he rest in peace.
567,0,a,now it is in the suburbs on a -acre expanse a collection of buildings surrounding a neo-gothic cathedral.
568,0,a,although the test was a success it was the first for japanese bmd forces the aegis-sm- systems are now a relatively mature and very reliable technology.
569,0,a,it was frustrating for me because bryan robson my manager at united had felt that playing for scotland would be too risky said naysmith.
570,0,a,then they were used in offices to deliver mail or to show visitors around museums or in homes as vacuum cleaners such as with the roomba.
571,1,a,q why can not a bicycle stand up a it is two tired.
572,1,a,if i get nervous for a date i just imagine the guy in his underpants sitting on my couch for the next  years and suddenly im annoyed
573,1,a,if you have a bee in your hand what do you have in your eye beauty.
574,0,a,the ever onward-rushing narrative proceeds with hectic jerkiness.
575,1,a,dish father you can never see that spoon again. daughter dish starts sobbing [outside the window spoon is thinking] we leave tonight
576,1,a,hello -- whats your emergency hi yes it is me again i left the house  min ago but just realized i forgot my headphones
577,1,a,my really jacked friend shockingly ran out of protein powder today. he told me and i was like no whey
578,1,a,why was the headless horseman depressed he could never seem to get ahead in life.
579,0,a,you don’t want to ask for those numbers he jokes.
580,1,a,the best part of being married with kids link
581,0,a,channing phillips the spokesman for the u.s. attorney is office and carrie brooks fenty is spokeswoman declined to comment.
582,0,a,jahangir her sister and several other women founded the first all-female law firm in pakistan.
583,1,a,the closest feeling i get to being a soldier in war is when im accidentally in the path of a thrown football.
584,0,a,regular honey can have mild medicinal benefits.
585,1,a,are you ready kids. are you ready for this sunday night when the champion john cena defends his title in the super slammmmmmmmmm dubya dubya eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
586,1,a,why do bees stay in their hive during winter swarm.
587,1,a,do not hate on americans for not learning a foreign language. hate on americans for not learning english.
588,0,a,immediately remove the pan from the heat and pour the mixture through a fine-mesh strainer into the medium bowl in the ice bath.
589,0,a,the fifth san francisco ballet is about to start its eventful th-anniversary season with several balanchine works included.
590,0,a,mueller replaced dick notebaert who helped turn qwest around after it was forced to restate about . billion in revenue in the wake of an accounting scandal.
591,1,a,i would consider myself an artistic fetishist i go hard in the paint.
592,0,a,southern cross said he would be replaced by chairman bill colvin.
593,1,a,did you hear about the man who got a hatchet stuck in his teeth it was accidental.
594,1,a,what do you call an angry korean physicist a seoulenoid
595,0,a,however relatives identified the woman as syeda arif.
596,0,a,at vancouver british columbia mike cammalleri scored his nhl-leading eighth goal as part of a three-goal outburst in the second period and los angeles beat vancouver.
597,1,a,did you hear about the man with five penises his condom fitted like a glove.
598,0,a,irib - state-run operates eight national networks provincial services and an external service
599,1,a,how do you get down off of an elephant you do not. you get down off a goose.
600,0,a,more than  people waited in line for the amtrak ticket office to open.
601,0,a,authorities said at the time that two suspected cartel assassins were among passengers captured along with arellano felix.
602,1,a,whos the best jewish cook hitler.......
603,0,a,i would be a complete liar if i would say there is no pressure there he said sitting on the couch of his office near a labyrinth of cubicles at the company is headquarters.
604,0,a,the three in a season also tied the pac- record set by southern california is anthony davis in .
605,0,a,many investors fearful of the quality of the sivs’ assets refused to roll-over the short-term debt that they had lent to the funds depleting the vehicles’ resources as they paid out to lenders.
606,0,a,allen was away attending a training session in wisconsin mccue said.
607,1,a,need jokes about germanygerman people friend of mine going to germany. want to wallpost lame jokes on his wall. the cringeworthier the better.
608,1,a,who annoyed polyphemus even more then odysseus nobody
609,0,a,uhm ... maam you forget we have the tsa manning security now.
610,1,a,knock knock who is there . baby . baby who  baby love my baby love.... .
611,1,a,explain joke what do they say about the noise at the burger land super bowl it is pan-demonium.
612,1,a,when the circus came to town they ran a competition to find the best contortionist.. link i entered myself and won
613,0,a,she also tended to talk about her late husband john heinz a tad more in interviews than her current one.
614,0,a,daniel was one of six michelin two-star places.
615,1,a,if you spin an asian person around what do they become disoriented.
616,1,a,what is the difference between harry potter and a jew harry potter can get out of a chamber
617,0,a,powerful yes but rich—well there was ambivalence there—at least until he took up golf late in life.
618,0,a,he said the private effort was still welcome but noted that it is impossible to track.
619,0,a,pakistan particularly its northwest has been wracked by islamic militant violence with bombings targeting the military or top officials and clashes between security forces and pro-taliban fighters.
620,0,a,hong kong’s hang seng index also slumped by . percent.
621,0,a,it makes the government is promise to the outside world of olympic human rights ring hollow.
622,1,a,i had sex while camping once it was fucking intentse.
623,0,a,it is important these things are remembered.
624,1,a,dispatch we have a home invasion robbery in progress on the far side of the lake rowboat cop grabs oar i will be there in  hours
625,1,a,you want to see americans become activists cancel a tv show they like.
626,0,a,costa mesa calif. oct.  prnewswire -- experianr a global information services provider today announced that vantagescoresm the company is most recently developed credit scoring model provides lenders with a granular view of the subprime consumer segment.
627,1,a,im taking a course with a focus on muscle fatigue. i do not want to talk about it. link is a sore subject.
628,1,a,do you want to be the greatest superhero of all be alfredo and take out the damn trash. just told my son this he hates me now.
629,0,a,the prospect of thaksin is return has raised fears of another coup by the powerful military.
630,0,a,we are capturing and killing them and i do not think it will cause any problem for kandahar he said.
631,1,a,what was santa is christmas-present for the kid with no hands new gloves for the cold days
632,1,a,me siri why am i alone siri opens front facing camera
633,1,a,so my boyfriend and i broke up but i made a sim family about us.. i just realized i have to kill every member of that family
634,1,a,so a gay guy just bought a house... he is now a homowner
635,1,a,what kind of std does a bird get chirpies. -
636,0,a,playing in this team is a great privilege vidic said.
637,0,a,armstrong then has to joystick the lander past menacing craters and boulders as his fuel is running dangerously low.
638,1,a,i asked my nan what she wanted for christmas. something from the body shop please she replied..... hope she is got enough room in the flat for the front wing off a mondeo.
639,1,a,my wife is sexual fantasy is to be with another man. mine is to have two girls at the same time. i think she misunderstood because now we have twin daughters from the mailman.
640,0,a,it is generally more difficult and expensive to create games for sophisticated machines like the ps which is packed with cutting-edge technology and is driven by the cell microprocessor.
641,1,a,i ran into my ex husband the other day. i could have sworn the light was green.
642,1,a,at first lincoln did not want to be president... ... but he gave it a shot.
643,1,a,q what do you say to a blonde that will not give  in a have another beer.
644,0,a,politicians and analysts said that the manhandling of mr. sharif by security forces at the islamabad airport soon after he arrived had not been positively perceived in the country and that it would play against pakistan’s president gen. pervez musharraf in the coming weeks and months as he tried to hold on to power.
645,1,a,i heard there were shenanigans in iowa last week apparently it was hillary is cock and bernie is ass.
646,1,a,the honorable judge matthew mcconaughey enters the court room all rise all rise all rise.
647,0,a,in between is a valley of rooftops garages and streets.
648,0,a,the company warned late tuesday it would book a . billion noncash charge largely related to establishing a valuation allowance.
649,0,a,how utterly depressing.
650,1,a,a deer walks out of a gay bar damn i can not believe i just blew  bucks.
651,0,a,the program is offered to public middle- and high-school students who are interested in becoming published authors and have been selected by local language arts teachers based on academic achievement and interest in becoming authors.
652,0,a,before the pensions simplification legislation introduced in april  the inland revenue went to a great deal of trouble to limit the amount that individuals could contribute to their personal pension each year.
653,1,a,i could tell it was a monopoly board from the word go
654,1,a,of course everyone deserves a nd chance but i gave yours to someone else.
655,1,a,if i had a dollar for every dollar i had... i would be a counterfeiter.
656,1,a,hodor joke knock knock who is there hodor. hodor who hodor.
657,0,a,he apparently stores tricks and memorabilia from around the world at the warehouse.
658,0,a,david and brandy hradecky who defied evacuation orders with their daughters said a small percentage of residents stayed in jamul and worked with firefighters to save their neighbors homes.
659,0,a,who authorized you
660,0,a,fears of a subprime meltdown were overblown he said in a july interview with bloomberg news.
661,1,a,i once met an indian bloke in birmingham and his name was naan. he was not born here but he was bread.
662,0,a,yet she refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country.
663,0,a,but swarthmore offered only  in aid.
664,0,a,we all want what we don’t have and there is nothing like a stereotype to catalog our unfulfillment.
665,0,a,it will be like destroying creatures that many people have invested a lot to protect he told afp.
666,1,a,a buddhist walks up to a hotdog vender... link make me one with everything.
667,1,a,rest in peace dave the diamond clancy and any other celebrity i just made up.
668,1,a,i want to die peacefully in my sleep just like my uncle charlie not kicking and screaming like the passengers on his bus
669,0,a,russia cut oil supplies and rail links to estonia in a row over the relocation of a soviet war memorial in the capital talinn.
670,0,a,it’s busier now than years ago before the renovation ms. anders said.
671,1,a,i eat those silica gel packets because consumer electronics are not the boss of me.
672,1,a,so a work colleague told me that prince died and they found his body in a lift. well he was obviously coming down with something.
673,0,a,he speaks of love for people love for god love of oneself and his poems can be nicely mixed with rap.
674,1,a,what did the green grape say to the purple grape breathe dammit..
675,0,a,the credit market is now mature and lenders have been willing to let customers borrow more.
676,0,a,los angeles reuters - blu-ray dvd titles outsold rival hd-dvd titles by almost -to- in the first nine months of the year but analysts expect additional hd-dvd support and new hit releases to transform the high-definition dvd battle score in the fourth quarter.
677,1,a,i was asked how i view lesbian relationships. apparently in hd was not the right answer.
678,0,a,four arrested over lowry thefts
679,0,a,but the bill ran into the same complaints that derailed the wider immigration reform bill a signature policy of president george w. bush earlier this year as some opponents branded it an amnesty.
680,0,a,the political crisis is the worst saakashvili has faced since being ushered into power almost four years ago after peaceful street protests known as the rose revolution.
681,0,a,the answer is apparently in the offing.
682,0,a,£m plan to renovate city schools under threat
683,0,a,he also contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to state and municipal candidates.
684,0,a,meanwhile mexican firefighters just south of the border continued to battle a wildfire after bringing six blazes under control a federal official said.
685,0,a,the resort itself has  rooms and suites on  acres including two infinity pools.
686,0,a,three counts allege that he ordered retaliatory investigations against several citizens who criticized him on a local blog link
687,1,a,turns out the button on the elevator with the fireman is hat on it is not the button for a free fireman is hat.
688,1,a,what type of bees make milk boo bees
689,1,a,what sex position makes ugly babies ask your parents
690,1,a,the year is . disease and hunger have been eradicated. the terraforming of mars is complete. the symbol for save is still a floppy disk.
691,0,a,as police try to determine what happened in the hotel room they must unravel the contorted relationships between the erstwhile athlete and a cadre of collectors that has profited from his infamy since the slayings of his ex-wife and goldman.
692,1,a,.. +  =  .  . 
693,0,a,among the report’s other findings
694,0,a,mr chavez told the crowd.
695,1,a,a drum set falls out of a tree. ba-dum-tis
696,1,a,did you here that donald trump wants to ban canned parmesan cheese he wants to make america grate again.
697,1,a,q where is the world is fastest chicken from a ethiopia.
698,1,a, year old girls are an untapped market.
699,0,a,the trio is performance of monk is evidence for example was as harmonically tart as its rendering of mompou is impresiones intimas was soulfully alluring a quality enhanced by koonse is sublime touch on acoustic guitar.
700,0,a,amc financial holdings inc.
701,1,a,david cameron is legacy david cameron will go down in history as the man who fucked up his campaign fucked up his job and fucked up a dead pig.
702,0,a,you just lose it.
703,1,a,cop know why i pulled you over me because you got beat up in high school cop....... me because you got beat up in high school sir
704,1,a,how do we know that jesus was not born in mexico because he would never have been able to find  wise men and a virgin.
705,1,a,they say i have a drinking problem. all i have been trying to do is drain the liquor down the toilet. through my body.
706,1,a,why do people order espresso shots at starbucks because it is black. sorry.
707,1,a,i saw a beautiful pumpkin today... it was gourdeous.
708,0,a,n.c. state    _
709,1,a,the socratic method of deductive reasoning walks into a bar and the bartender says so. what do not you want
710,1,a,why did the semen cross the road because i put on the wrong socks this morning.
711,0,a,and while it is true the korean war had its share of challenges the united states never broke its word.
712,0,a,now as winter draws close mr brown has been feeling a bit of a political chill and mr cameron must be relishing the opportunity of using the first face-to-face clash to push home his attacks.
713,1,a,if the jews are god is chosen people then why did god bother creating gentiles well someone has to pay retail.
714,0,a,two of the soldiers also face a charge of escaping abroad.
715,1,a,it only gets worse as an adult charlie brown
716,1,a,what is santa is favourite heavy metal band sleigher
717,1,a,a lion a witch and a wardrobe walk into a bar. the bartender yells get out. im not serving narnia..
718,1,a,did you hear about the blind guy who got in a car accident he regained his sight in icu.
719,1,a,i like my women like i like my starbucks coffee. left cold and empty with my name written across them.
720,0,a,we will see what will happen with the government in the coming months but we know that canadians do not want elections and we will continue to do our role as official opposition explaining why we disagree with the government he said.
721,1,a,what do you call an exceptionally intelligent gay man homogeneous
722,0,a,this project is just the beginning explained adrian hallmark executive vice president of volkswagen of america inc.
723,1,a,did you know the right woman can make you a millionaire you just have to start as a billionaire.
724,0,a,for a free repair kit toy owners should contact fisher-price at --.
725,0,a,he also failed to rally religious sentiment in the state despite ordering on monday that the ten commandments be displayed alongside other historical documents in the state capitol after a federal judge ruled that a previous injunction in a separate court case did not apply to the display.
726,0,a,they showed the blitz.
727,0,a,st conor is primary school in omagh reopened on friday four days after the house fire which claimed the lives of the family of seven.
728,0,a,sony is loch ness monster fantasy the water horse legend of the deep grossed . million and lifted its sum to . million.
729,0,a,official somali pm resigns
730,1,a,why do not anti-vaxxers hang out in bars they are afraid of the shots.
731,1,a,that was like a weekend camping trip for a sex addicts anonymous group. fucking intense.
732,0,a,after weeks of stalemate negotiators on both sides of the bargaining table indicated this week that some progress has come from talks with a federal mediator and state officials.
733,0,a,jason mcfadden  george oconnor  iain stevenson  and alexander harvey  were jailed for eight years each at the high court in glasgow yesterday.
734,0,a,it is a terrible time for all those who are still suffering.
735,1,a,what is brown and hides in the attic the diarrhea of anne frank
736,1,a,when i was at the beach there was a guy in the ocean yelling shark. help. and i just laughed. i knew that shark was not going to help him.
737,1,a,the best vacation close your eyes and throw a dart at a map. where did it land does not matter. just keep your eyes closed and go to sleep.
738,0,a,what i’d actually do without a moment’s hesitation is buy a range rover.
739,0,a,the annual auto show here which opened to the public on friday is usually a laid-back colorful affair with an emphasis on the sports cars and convertibles that suit the southern california lifestyle.
740,0,a,the fire was small but now the wind has come up said vasillis panagopoulos who along with his wife managed to beat out a fire next to their home with some oleander bushes they chopped down.
741,1,a,comedy jokes               .      -       . .   .                -        -        . . . . . . .        
742,1,a,it is about time we as a sophisticated society start getting birds to wear diapers.
743,1,a,did you here about the guy who turned to scientologists to escape his past out with xeold in with xenu. p
744,0,a,sift together the cake flour baking powder and salt.
745,0,a,my salary had been stopped because i was jewish and there was a warrant out for my arrest.
746,1,a,bring your nsfw jokes. you down anything that makes parents cry when their kids say it.
747,0,a,storm surge flooding along the north carolina coast was predicted to subside overnight.
748,0,a,david lynch’s cryptic steamily sapphic hollywood noir captures that scrambled logic of nightmare when we first see the scuzzy hitman behind the diner.
749,0,a,the state supreme court is considering whether the law is constitutional as it applies to the four parolees meaning attorneys representing additional sex offenders could simply wait for a decision.
750,1,a,why did the interjecting dismissive gay italian have so many problems probably because he was such a- fagget about it.
751,0,a,police said that about  people were in the pub at the time of the attack.
752,0,a,the juxtaposition of the books is remarkable and it goes against reflex thinking about what or who is automatically prone to good or evil.
753,1,a,rumor has it that john wayne is autopsy revealed  pounds of fecal matter lodged in his intestines but it turned out to be a lot of shit
754,1,a,you should be proud of who you are. unless you are a straight white male.
755,1,a,should not all ghosts be naked it is not like your clothes die too...
756,1,a,my wife is like a plunger she is good at bringing up old shit.
757,0,a,foreclosure auctions ... help the communities rebuild and gets inventory off the market said link ceo tony isbell.
758,0,a,the immigration and customs enforcement agency heralded the settlement and defended the center as safe.
759,1,a,what did mrs. claus say to santa as they were looking out their front window looks like rein dear
760,1,a,kid daddy where do babies come from dad storks deliver them kid but where do baby storms come from dad link
761,1,a,so we did not get the first woman president it is an even bigger step... link first developmentally disabled president.
762,0,a,what seems achievable in early january often loses its luster by groundhog day and is but a memory by spring.
763,1,a,asked my st grade students the riddle what has four fingers and a thumb but is not alive a glove. first response my aunt lydia.
764,1,a,mickey mouse hangs himself... he does not die though it is just a case of suspended animation.
765,0,a,buying shopzilla was part of that diversification said president and chief executive kenneth lowe.
766,1,a,the creator of winrar was arrested and put on trial the trial was supposed to last  days but it keeps on going
767,0,a,once order was restored the mets stayed alive in the playoff race by snapping a five-game skid that cost them their nl east lead.
768,1,a,somebody parked in my spot and now im in the market for a rocket launcher.
769,0,a,he pitched seven shutout innings against the los angeles angels on sunday in the first-round clincher.
770,0,a,he faces a big challenge because he will always be compared to mourinho by the press and the fans.
771,0,a,blokhin said he would decide on his keeper options after training last night with voronin the liverpool striker restored to the line-up after a brief flare-up with his manager following last month is - defeat to italy.
772,0,a,in signing the deal mr. beck  becomes the newest — and youngest — entrant into an exclusive club of highly compensated radio stars.
773,0,a,maybe it’s people within a family saying we’re not going to waste money on things that aren’t meaningful.
774,1,a,a man dies in the desert next to a rock. how did he die the rock is kyptonite and the man is superman.
775,1,a,who won the asian cooking contest it was a thai.
776,1,a,if two people had a race and one had sand in his shoe but the other did not who would win the one with sand in his shoe -- if it was quicksand.
777,0,a,in this collective approach lies the book’s flaw as well as its attraction.
778,1,a,the ironic thing about the original scooby doo adventures was that the only real supernatural phenomena they encountered was a talking dog.
779,0,a,you can not imagine how happy i would be to travel there as soon as possible havel now  told the czech newspaper mlada fronta dnes.
780,1,a,when i come back in the next life i would like to come back as a bathroom mirror in a house full of hot women.
781,0,a,he was unconscious in this coma for about six hours.
782,0,a,you can put someone up before a firing squad and the squad members can start shooting at each other.
783,0,a,several bodies lying nearby were covered with blankets.
784,0,a,take a look at the front of the plane.
785,0,a,the dow added . points to ..
786,1,a,mugger give me ur wallet me stand back i have mace mugger [sniffing] is this cookies-scented febreze
787,0,a,in  he moved to new york and established china labor watch.
788,1,a,grandma climbs into time machine shuts the door behind her mom nana is stuck in the grandfather clock again
789,0,a,yet the show got some final respect sunday night with two standing ovations—first when the cast was introduced and again when the series received the night is top honor.
790,1,a,what did the right boob say to the left boob you are my breast friend
791,1,a,i would not be caught dead with a necropheliac.
792,0,a,the next day piniella erupted while arguing an out at third base.
793,0,a,the dispute covers pay the use of outside contractors and on-call and out-of-hours emergency cover a protocol for which had yet to be agreed he added.
794,0,a,this was more than a careless and reckless play campbell said.
795,1,a,my dog is great at math. really  ask him how much is two minus two. but two minus two is nothing.  that is what he will answer nothing.
796,0,a,bringing hope to the families of missing and unidentified persons
797,0,a,at pitch meetings i’ve attended we have cookies but we bring our own rouge.
798,0,a,pala named as new czech fed cup skipper
799,0,a,a west yorkshire police spokeswoman said that enquiries were ongoing to find out what happened to the man.
800,0,a,its passage would do great harm to our relations with a key ally in nato and in the global war on terror bush said hours before the vote.
801,1,a,whats the difference between pork and beef once fucking someone and the other one if fucking someone over
802,1,a,kneels to pray hello god youve reached customer support. who is this my name is brad. are you in heaven brad no india.
803,0,a,there’s a lot of time to right the ship and i’ve been in tough situations before where i’ve had to roll up my sleeves to get the job done and this is no exception he said adding i don’t foresee there being any changes this year.
804,1,a,what was jesus reaction to being crucified he was cross.
805,0,a,he has the combination of vision experience leadership standing in the world and i think very importantly ability to win that none of the other candidates have ms. friedlander said.
806,0,a,the company could not immediately say when the drives will be available commercially or how much they will cost.
807,1,a,you do not need a parachute to go skydiving.. link need a parachute to go skydiving twice.
808,1,a,how do you find will smith in the snow look for the fresh prince.
809,0,a,estimates put the species’ population at up to  birds in the early s.
810,1,a,sometimes im tempted to run into a gym and tell men which machine they should be using to impress women. it is called an atm.
811,0,a,his refusal to stand aside from any decision - ultimately made after he had left the post - over cash for honours prompted the current inquiry into whether the post of attorney-general should be reformed or broken up.
812,1,a,what is the difference between chris brown and a tesla the tesla gets fewer battery charges in a year.
813,1,a,who wants to play war i will lay down and you can blow the hell out of me.
814,0,a,waxman is request concerns internal documents and internal deliberations that we are probably not going to turn over said white house press secretary dana perino.
815,1,a,christmas song single bells single bells. single all the way. my crush said let is be friends. friendzone all the way ..
816,0,a,he opened the door to a barren room in a decaying building here that houses the federación del trópico which represents coca-leaf growers from the jungles of central bolivia.
817,1,a,quote of the day. when shits about to hit the fan... i turn the fan off -pfaff
818,0,a,participants reluctant to enter treatment were offered a structured telephone cognitive behavioral psychotherapy.
819,1,a,i will never understand why the guy that invented braille did not just put the dots in shape of the actual letters.
820,0,a,only a few dozen people rallied in quetta peshawar and lahore.
821,0,a,in the past decade changes in the way the finest coffee is produced and traded have given roasters unprecedented access to small lots of exceedingly good beans spawning artisanal roasting and wine-like focus on terroir.
822,1,a,were you raised on a farm cause you sure do know how to raise a cock.
823,0,a,they added the system must strike an adequate balance between the need for accuracy and reliability of laboratory test results and fairness in sport in order to prevent the travesty of wrongfully convicting an innocent person.
824,1,a,sarah jessica parker walks into a bar the bartender asked why the long face
825,0,a,i will be here for my other kids too.
826,1,a,me i weigh x more than the cat and yet she trusts me completely. so sweet. you me you it is a lot more than x. me do not ruin this.
827,1,a,i tried to donate a kidney once... link would not take it though because i would not tell them where i got it.
828,1,a,sometimes i feel like people are just using me for my likes.
829,1,a,i spent last night shouting at my psychiatrist long story short he is convinced i have delusions of being a pony... i would tell you more but im a little hoarse.
830,1,a,the best dad jokes are the ones you will never hear... link black ones.
831,0,a,americans invented the grand hotel.
832,0,a,but he said he feared chinese retaliation and a loss of china as an engine of global growth and a market for american exports.
833,0,a,sarkozy joins french muslim iftar
834,1,a,my doctor will not go away. i know what you are thinking but he has been eating small pieces of apple over many decades to build up an immunity.
835,1,a,do not ever look away from a police officer. just stare him down. you do not wanna look suspicious.
836,0,a,of course like every other environmental issue today this is playing out against the backdrop of global warming and human encroachment on natural ecosystems.
837,1,a,why is the camel so hard to see in the desert because it is camel-flaged...
838,0,a,he was found about  minutes later behind another rocky outcropping.
839,1,a,what do you call the illegitimate son of a man with a big face a cheeky bastard.
840,1,a,so a guy walks into a bar with a gun... who had sex with my wife.. a man shouts from the back you do not have enough bullets bro.
841,1,a,who was the marketing genius who decided to call killer whales killer whales instead of sea pandas
842,1,a,nerd joke a photon walks up to an airline counter to buy a ticket and the clerk asks any baggage to check the photon replies no im traveling light.
843,0,a,the public has had a lot to say about the blog is question of the week posts.
844,0,a,the law has been used most frequently recently against writers who say the killing of thousands of armenians in  was genocide.
845,0,a,the ceremony was more muted than in past years.
846,0,a,i believe the actions we have taken will make it more likely peace happens.
847,1,a,i called the rape advice hotline.... .... but they said it was only for victims
848,1,a,im taking the soul train to funky town with my boogie shoes on and the dish ran away with the goddamn spoon. this is really good weed.
849,0,a,the person who is serving gets all the adrenaline the excitement and the opportunity and the training.
850,0,a,the boyfriend of a -year-old woman killed last month told a newspaper that he had nothing to do with the mysterious deaths of his girlfriend and her younger sister just days later.
851,0,a,two years late and billions of dollars over budget on october  the singapore airline-owned a completed its maiden passenger journey between singapore and sydney.
852,0,a,acupuncture is a traditional chinese medicine that entails the insertion and manipulation of needles -- in this case to stimulate specific points in a patient is back thought to be connected to pain sensation.
853,1,a,what does mario use to talk to dead people a luigi board
854,1,a,i have started an elimination diet it is where i eliminate anyone from my life who talks about their diet.
855,1,a,when speaking to children i always end every sentence with link else you will die.  - i find this to be an excellent motivational tool.
856,0,a,lb w
857,0,a,he is being held on  bail and will be arraigned later thursday.
858,0,a,the county with the highest number of those being treated was merthyr tydfil where more than  people were treated.
859,0,a,you were so upbeat general ms. boxer recalled.
860,1,a,a friend asked me if i would rather marry a mediocre woman or my dream girl-- plus a dick. that is easy i said. i do not want to settle for average. i will take the girl with two dicks.
861,0,a,the british military has reported  deaths italy  ukraine  poland  bulgaria  spain  denmark seven el salvador five slovakia four latvia three estonia netherlands thailand romania two each and australia hungary kazakhstan south korea one death each.
862,0,a,the mountaineers then had to block a last-second field goal michigan field goal attempt to preserve the win.
863,0,a,we treasure our energy security too and now have a better method of defending ourselves against high oil prices.
864,0,a,macon is first black mayor reached out to chavez used taxes to go to africa
865,1,a,adult coping mechanisms drinking netflix pretending nothing is wrong
866,0,a,rice said she would be looking for clarity on where the parties see themselves in the negotiations on their bilateral statement that she said should at least touch on the key final status issues.
867,0,a,by early morning in europe it had settled back slightly to us..
868,1,a,when you call home on a holiday and get passed around it is worse than being included on a group text.
869,1,a,bowling is the perfect activity when im in the mood to stick my fingers in disease-ridden holes but your mom is unavailable.
870,0,a,it is believed they thought the suspect resembled footballer wayne rooney.
871,1,a,i could not bear it anymore. lol. - bear suicide note.
872,0,a,i don’t see how he takes that show across the east coast or even the midwest.
873,1,a,what is a specimen an italian astronaut -d
874,0,a,the visitors even missed a great chance to take the lead as frequent threat tuncay crossed in for downing to head just wide of the right hand post.
875,0,a,the comic books range from well-known names like bone and teenage mutant ninja turtles to up-and-coming books such as crime noirish umbra and hindu folklore-inspired devi.
876,1,a,have you heard about the couple who confused the tube of k-y jelly with window putty it was horrible all of the windows fell out of their new house
877,0,a,segar was flown by helicopter to the shock trauma unit at prince george is hospital center where he died sometime around midnight.
878,0,a,the race was easier than yesterday but it is tomorrow is race that matters said liu.
879,1,a,did you hear about the shooting at the kanye west concert it was awful they missed...
880,0,a,caroline hawkins  an nhs community manager who queued for an hour yesterday in bristol said i’ve just tried to pick up my parcel but they have no idea where it is.
881,0,a,turkish leaders have said they would prefer a solution to the guerrilla problem that does not entail a cross-border offensive past operations in iraq have failed to yield an outright victory over the rebels.
882,1,a,what do you call the score keeper at a jihadi football game the taliman.
883,0,a,two -year-old males and a man  were arrested in connection with the incident and released on bail.
884,0,a,so when you ask someone to support you in an event like the triathlon or to buy a box of candy to help fund your child’s class trip you’re asking them to put their friendship with you ahead of their own favorite charities.
885,0,a,the last set were born in belfast at the end of  and have now just started school.
886,0,a,one of her rivals for the democratic nomination senator barack obama d-il spoke a month later before an aipac audience in chicago.
887,1,a,reasons people claim to be gay  - are actually gay  - forgot to log out of facebook
888,0,a,the first thing i want to let the people know out here in southern california is that many across our nation have been moved by the plight of the citizens who have lost their homes lost their possessions particularly those who have lost their life bush told reporters.
889,1,a,what is easy to get into but hard to get out of addiction
890,1,a,what game do french schoolchildren like to play simon 
891,1,a,man cave - russian who has yet to get a full grip on our language except mostly slang terms describing the end of a couple is argument
892,0,a,celgene sells the drug in the united states under the brand name thalomid.
893,1,a,what is in a white mans pants and more than  inches long nothing
894,1,a,why is dick clark a favourite star with horses because he was a disk jockey from filly.
895,0,a,the real ira yesterday claimed responsibility for the shooting of an off-duty police officer outside his son is school.
896,0,a,moms that have to evacuate their homes with your little ones here are some creative ways to keep them occupied and calm use a pen to write games on your arms tic-tac-toe hangman crosswords sudoku ect..
897,0,a,yes we have changed some things since  but we have not changed enough.
898,0,a,the man allegedly had been drinking all day at the funeral and was described by snr.
899,1,a,visits new girlfriend is house for st time make yourself at home great. thanks. i crawl into the closet and begin sobbing loudly
900,1,a,how crazy is your ex crazy like my triceps how sick is your mother sick like my triceps
901,0,a,betancourt first ran for congress in  distributing condoms as symbols of protection from corruption.
902,1,a,they do not make microwaves the size of refrigerators because they know if you were high you would try nuking your friends.
903,1,a,made yah look.
904,1,a,two men were hunting buffalo one put his ear to the ground he lifted his head up and said buffalo come the other said how do you know he said ear sticky
905,1,a,i like my.... i like my women how i like my font ...  and bold
906,1,a,alphaterrorism part of the alphabet has been destroyed in a terrorist attack. it is not yet known which letter had anything to do with the atrocity but early reports suggest g had.
907,0,a,the laminating system is a little way behind but again there is good progress being made on that as well.
908,1,a,smoke marijuana... smoke marijuana take over the government this is a high coup.
909,1,a,a man walks into a bar... a man walks into a crowded bar brandishing a revolver yelling who is been screwing my wife a voice from the back of the bar shouts back you do not have enough ammo mate.
910,0,a,researchers from the commission looked at  shops and concluded that shoppers by and large get a good deal.
911,1,a,i tried to catch fog yesterday mist.
912,0,a,authorities investigating an ocean isle n.c. beach house blaze sunday morning that killed seven college students say they may not identify all the victims officially until tuesday or wednesday.
913,0,a,forty years later senator christopher j. dodd democrat of connecticut is running for president.
914,0,a,the french daily le monde concluded its rave by proclaiming mr. gray one of the great american directors of our time.
915,1,a,while you are thinking what to wear im thinking how to take it off.
916,0,a,this article link
917,1,a,what is the difference between an epileptic oyster and a prostitute with diarrhoea one shucks between fits...
918,0,a,beijing reuters - former german chancellor gerhard schroeder expressed regret over his successor angela merkel is meeting with the dalai lama but said he was confident it would not hurt bilateral ties the china daily reported on friday.
919,1,a,i really did not like dick at first... then it grew on me.
920,1,a,super intelligent student teacher whoever answers my next question can go home. one boy throws his bag out the window. teacher who just threw that. boy me. and im going home now.
921,1,a,how many more spills do you think parents in paper towel commercials can take before they just push one of those kids down the stairs
922,1,a,i went to the zoo the other day... there was only one dog in it it was a shitzu.
923,0,a,mr. paulson speaking to executives of big financial companies at a meeting at the treasury department said the bush administration was seeking their help in making sure that homeowners with subprime mortgages received assistance in dealing with sharply rising payments as their initial low adjustable rates were reset to higher levels.
924,0,a,hong kong has long been a favoured port of call for the us military but beijing is approval has been required since  when the uk handed the territory back to china.
925,0,a,harrisburg pa. oct.  upi -- early repair estimates of the damage caused by a lightning strike at pennsylvania is gettysburg national military park have reached  a report said.
926,0,a,referring to her earlier attempt clinton said it was kind of lonely back then.
927,0,a,he will undoubtedly claim the government is programme is more of the same delivered by the same old faces who have been getting it wrong for a decade.
928,1,a,i was thinking of becoming a railway conductor... then i thought of all the training.
929,1,a,my wife and i lost lbs combined. so if you see our twins wandering around please let us know.
930,1,a,if sex is said to be the best exercise than why are there no fitness clubs for that. now there is idea. . .
931,1,a,name two things that are black and blue and had sex bill cosby with his sweater and his accuser
932,0,a,the new site will provide easier navigation for customers more health related content as well as greater customization of orders and ease of use.
933,1,a,why did paul walker cross the road because he was not wearing his seat belt. im sorry
934,1,a,eternal life police have arrested a man for selling pills that promise eternal life. records show that it was the fourth time he has been arrested. his previous arrests were in  and .
935,1,a,why did not hitler drink whisky because when he drank whisky he got mean.
936,0,a,in june denmark pulled out its -member army contingent and replaced it with a small air force squad.
937,0,a,but the character in these guys the way we bonded basically brought us together.
938,1,a,a man walks into a ........ pulls out a ......... and ........... piss off fill in the blanks.
939,1,a,sorry i moaned seductively while eating a gogurt at your bible study group.
940,1,a,i just realized there are more toes in the world than people
941,0,a,he got up early to do an interview.
942,1,a,my credit has gotten so bad... link mastercard started sending me bills in spanish.
943,1,a,til lebanese people are from the fugawi tribe. when they walked out of the airport they said we are the fugawi.
944,1,a,i like to listen to the star fox theme song to congratulate myself for having a successful string of social interactions
945,1,a,shaggy hey scoob where is my burger scooby ruh roh shaggy great danes only live  years you know scooby ruck roo
946,0,a,by clicking on to the logo surfers are taken to the casa bianca web site which warns users must be more than  years old.
947,1,a,im not saying im bilingual but if you shout at me in german i will probably do whatever you want
948,0,a,diabetes drug gets heart risk warning
949,1,a,what can strike a blonde without her even knowing it a thought.
950,0,a,on paper at least bilbao seems to have it all world-class museum fine basque cuisine a rollicking night life and lots of shopping.
951,1,a,window shopping why do the wealthy put their garbage in clear plastic bags so the rest of us can go window shopping
952,0,a,this was before mr. putin made clear that he might seek to become prime minister of russia when he steps down as president — an approach that mr. bush wryly said he might want to emulate.
953,0,a,the tigers hope to bring back free agent starter kenny rogers and closer todd jones.
954,1,a,did you used to blow bubbles when you were younger well he is back in town lookin for ya.
955,1,a,when i date single moms i tell the kids im just trying to fill the hole left by your father
956,1,a,my favorite anti why was the black jew mad he had to sit at the back of the gas chamber.
957,1,a,what do you call a russian snake that is eating its own tail an ouroboris
958,1,a,his last words were im just going to tell her to calm down and remind her that she still has not made dinner.
959,0,a,this article link
960,0,a,its deeply conservative and devoutly christian society centres around the extended family which is headed by an elected chief who directs the family is social economic and political affairs and the church which is a focus of recreational and social life.
961,1,a,when a woman breast feeds in public it is called natural but when i do it the woman calls the cops.
962,0,a,rehabilitation
963,1,a,my wife says she hates domestic abuse so i now do my crunches outside the house
964,0,a, hi stevenage people.
965,0,a,in  there was less guidance.
966,0,a,critics said the bill reinforced mr berlusconi is hold on the media.
967,0,a,more than two hours before thursday is game manager terry francona brushed off the words of the seemingly pressure-proof ramirez.
968,0,a,sept.   special to link —
969,1,a,what do you call a fish in orbit trouterspace.
970,1,a,where does skrillex like to eat lunch he goes to wubway.
971,1,a,why does kim jong un love books because he is the supreme reader.
972,1,a,build a man a fire... and he will be warm for a day. set a man on fire and he will be warm for the rest of his life.
973,1,a,im no wine connoisseur but i do know this bottle of wine pairs perfectly with the bottle i just finished.
974,0,a,he has one more race this year today’s fifth avenue mile.
975,0,a,there’s a part of me that said ‘well ok if a person has two sides of them and can write this wonderful story and also write the segregation forever speech maybe that’s ok.’
976,0,a,but dignesh solanki told wls that he believes his wife may have been the victim of a crime.
977,1,a,if a spider gets bitten by a radioactive teenager does it become super sulky
978,1,a,knock knock... chicken combo... why did the chicken cross the road i do not know. why did the chicken cross the road to go and see ugly... knock knock who is there the chicken
979,0,a,apart from one kenyan government minister - soon sporting a uss porter baseball cap - most of the guests were from the muslim communities of a coast that after centuries of omani dominance remains largely islamic.
980,1,a,i laughed in rfunny
981,0,a,the nation - daily
982,1,a,every so often my mother has a great idea usually it involves leaving my house.
983,0,a,in acknowledgment of his achievements evans was knighted in .
984,0,a,as technology advances and solar panelling becomes more efficient then the current dependence on existing coal fired power stations would begin to decrease.
985,0,a,doing something nice for the kids.
986,1,a,wife sees me grab emergency kit from trunk after getting a flat tire calm down brent just call a tow truim already shooting flare gun
987,0,a,overall . percent of the children were sensitive to oats study investigators report in the medical journal allergy.
988,0,a,according to thomson financial  retailers missed expectations while  beat projections.
989,0,a,the prosecution has received substantial assistance from the u.s. army audit agency.
990,0,a,edwards suggested clinton is mostly running for president out of personal ambition.
991,0,a,xeloda is the only fda-approved oral chemotherapy for both metastatic breast cancer and adjuvant and metastatic colorectal cancer.
992,0,a,shortages of water and energy drinks were reported along the .-mile route.
993,1,a,wut equasion do u use when u wanna kno tha prbility that u andamp ur girl are gonna b gether ever bae is theorem
994,1,a,there should be a millennial edition of monopoly where you just walk around the board paying rent never able to buy anything.
995,0,a,archaeologists are convinced that something happened in the ecological structure of the area just prior to the collapse of the argaric culture said jose carrion from the university of murcia spain.
996,1,a,i would help you carry some of those bushes... but i have already got two palms on my hands.
997,1,a,ladies if a man does not answer your what are you doing tonight text till it is already night time you are plan b.
998,0,a,in the pure plug-in version those valves are for waste heat from the electronics.
999,0,a,the director is responsibilities also include managing the george gustav heye center in new york and a cultural resources center in suitland.
1000,0,a,gonzales was one of the longest-serving members of a group of texans who came to washington with bush more than six years ago at the dawn of a new administration.
1001,0,a,the oct.  lawsuit filed by three former oru professors includes allegations of a  shopping tab at one store for richard roberts wife lindsay a  senior trip to the bahamas on the university jet for one of the roberts daughters and a stable of horses for the roberts children.
1002,1,a,there are two types of people in the world those who sweat when eating spicy food and those whose nose drips when eating spicy food.
1003,0,a,in our past experience with britain we were not allowed to use scorpion tanks in aceh even though we were facing armed separatists.
1004,1,a,stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
1005,1,a,my son was four when he came up with this knock knock who is there hulk. hulk w...hulk smash..
1006,0,a,it is all about you
1007,1,a,what is paulie pennino is favorite restaurant red robin... ya bum
1008,0,a,surely mr brown’s personal weakness is the opposite of mr blair’s
1009,1,a,once i did the is your dad a terrorist because you are a bomb.. line to a muslim girl. totally blew up in my face
1010,0,a,see decision at link
1011,0,a,week of antiwar events to start with die-in
1012,0,a,hopefully my point was made today.
1013,0,a,he was a leader because people believed in him.
1014,1,a,what is  inches long stiff and makes people laugh my dick.
1015,0,a,the verdict of the report is likely to be mixed - some signs of progress and co-operation some areas where still much more information is needed.
1016,1,a,there are  types of comments i hate. . unrelated ones. . lists. . ironical.
1017,1,a,what do you call the rough parts of paris la ba-ghetto
1018,0,a,harleysville national corporation stock is traded under the symbol hnbc and is commonly quoted on the nasdaq global select marketr.
1019,0,a,sutherland star of fox is  could face up to one year in jail.
1020,0,a,-year-old pregnant with donor embryo
1021,0,a,she was working to establish her orphanage golden children on a -acre site east of phnom penh.
1022,1,a,i have just got back from a funeral of a friend who was killed after being hit in the head with a tennis ball. it was a lovely service.
1023,1,a,girls that are  and pregnant look stupid now.. but their kids will move out when they are .
1024,0,a,the woman a student at dundee is abertay university was diagnosed with the meningococcal strain of the brain disease at the weekend.
1025,0,a,hopefully things work out.
1026,0,a,in determining these dates british energy will consider the potential to integrate any additional inspection work arising from our assessment within planned outages over the balance of the year.
1027,0,a,with their backs against the wall england needed blood sweat and tears and yet mcclaren stood there helpless umbrella aloft not even prepared to get his hair wet.
1028,1,a,i like to think im pretty smart. i just managed to get a  on my iq test.
1029,0,a,i found froggy after some effort on ebay and i found out that froggy was made in  and where he was made and what he was made of.
1030,0,a,iraq train accident kills couple  kids
1031,0,a,since the -year-old burst onto our screens earlier this year beating  hopefuls along the way he has gone on to travel in the fast lane to fame.
1032,1,a,why does not an old man ever go down on his old wife ever opened a grilled-cheese sandwich
1033,1,a,knock knock who is it daisy daisy whom daysi me rollin they hatin patrolling. they wanna catch ne riding dirty.
1034,0,a,all of the above is likely to resurface at  gmt wednesday when brown goes head-to-head with the main opposition conservative leader david cameron in parliament for the first time since lawmakers returned from their summer break.
1035,0,a,the soft greek lounge music tumbling out of the kitchen mixed everything like an audio swizzle stick.
1036,0,a,we cannot forget the images on our television screens of monks and ordinary citizens in burma protesting nor the deaths and human rights abuses we know are still taking place he said.
1037,1,a, jokes are not funny. my uncle died on one of the planes. his last words were allahhhu akbarr.
1038,1,a,why can not you see elephants hiding in trees link they are hiding
1039,1,a,i think [boyfriend goes by] youre too [boyfriend goes by] young for me [boyfriend goes by] -me breaking up w my boyfriend at the carousel
1040,0,a,jason zhou  is among the legions of chinese stock investors who were chastened by the market is roller-coaster performance this year.
1041,0,a,in a statement to primary care trusts the department of health said we do not expect gps to break existing contracts but they should not be entering new ones that would involve patients being charged more than for a local call.
1042,1,a,saw a hawk swoop down over the highway and fly off with a snake in his mouth and i can not even switch lanes while eating a twizzler.
1043,0,a,the uk’s mobile market is one of the world’s most fierce and the profitability of orange uk the uk’s third biggest player with a . per cent market share by revenue is falling as it struggles to compete with rivals vodafone and o.
1044,0,a,customers will get the full suite of communications content internet services and browsing through seamlessly integrated vodafone services on nokia handsets.
1045,0,a,about  british troops and afghan security forces are gradually extending the government’s authority in some areas they said.
1046,0,a,schneider and perper did not return phone messages friday to the associated press.
1047,0,a,the scotland act failed to say that the quota in scotland should be the same as that in england at each and every redistribution.
1048,0,a,with pittsburgh marking their th year by honoring their all-time team at halftime roethlisberger and defender james harrison showed the current edition of the steelers has plenty to offer.
1049,1,a,if you do not have anything nice to say say it sarcastically.
1050,1,a,always borrow money from a pessimist. he will not expect it back.
1051,1,a,dad we have ants on the counter. hey some of them are uncles moms and dads. thanks dad
1052,1,a,bernie sanders and google fiber walk into a bar. and all of reddit gave it an upvote.
1053,1,a,a man with dyslexia... walks into a bra.
1054,0,a,this is the tightest-knit group i’ve ever been around.
1055,1,a,life is a soup and i am a fork
1056,1,a,my father has the heart of a lion... and also a lifetime ban from the zoo.
1057,0,a,we pass a couple of umiaq traditional sealskin whaling boats left out on the ice and every so often a scientific instrument or two testimony to the extraordinary richness of barrow is research tapestry.
1058,1,a,[opening can of russian pringles] once u pop u [inside can is a slightly smaller can] huh [inside that can is an even smaller can] wtf [in..
1059,0,a,international creative management her los angeles-based talent agency said knowles’ nov.  date in kuala lumpur was canceled due to a scheduling conflict.
1060,1,a,why did the polar bears on noah is ark hang out near the insects they were looking for the ark tick.
1061,1,a,group hugs are like.... group hugs are like a g rated orgy
1062,0,a,i can start my car with my right arm open the door so i’ve still got good motion and can do my daily activities.
1063,0,a,paul weir is the fundraising development manager for the local air ambulance.
1064,0,a,putin denounces u.s. missile shield
1065,0,a,equipment left inside patients bodies.
1066,1,a,im going to create a new app for people who want to find more pornography like the porn they already like. . . porndora.
1067,1,a,i know that as parent you are supposed to listen to your kids but most of what they say is such horseshit
1068,0,a,according to reuters he said the law was the victim of a raging neoliberal mainstream in europe — language used by critics of what they often call american-style capitalism.
1069,0,a,much of the gain came from a  percent increase in sales of combat equipment and a  percent jump in aerospace sales.
1070,0,a,still army officials acknowledge that many eligible captains -- those promoted to that rank on or after april   -- would have stayed regardless.
1071,0,a,gualeguaychu argentina ap -- some  demonstrators marched to argentina is river border with uruguay on saturday to protest the impending startup of a paper pulp plant in the neighboring country they fear will pollute the environment.
1072,1,a,getting a dog next week i am naming him peeve it is my pet peeve
1073,1,a,ever wondered why starwars episode  and  came before episode  and . because incharge of scheduling yoda was
1074,1,a,if a deaf person goes to court is it still a hearing
1075,0,a,they showed all of that against the giants who played harder and better than anyone thought they would.
1076,0,a,toss with  cup each soy sauce sake and mirin and a tablespoon of sugar.
1077,0,a,several papers pick out their favourite guidance from the updated highway code.
1078,1,a,what does geico and your girlfriend have in common shes so easy a cave man could do her.
1079,1,a,what is the most-clicked link on the alzheimer is support website forgot your password
1080,0,a,n. kentucky  mass.-lowell 
1081,1,a,my dad taught me you can not try rationalize with crazy... it was a self-taught lesson.
1082,1,a,what do you call a white girl with a yeast infection... a cracker with cheese.
1083,0,a,he did not elaborate other than saying a lot of pressure was being placed on the program is sponsors.
1084,1,a,a bloodbath has got to be the least effective type of bath
1085,1,a,corny deadpool joke wolverine has directv. deadpool has cable.
1086,0,a,in a preview she is seen standing in the palace looking at black and white footage of herself delivering the  broadcast.
1087,1,a,my diet could best be described as unchaperoned child at a birthday party.
1088,0,a,civilized means different things to different people and it does not necessarily have anything to do with a pet’s nutritional requirements.
1089,0,a,we had no option but to surrender said the man who did not give his name and like the others was not wearing his uniform.
1090,0,a,the company uses operating profit as a measure of operating segment performance because it excludes the impact of corporate- driven decisions related to interest expense and income taxes.
1091,1,a,guys what are your favorite im going to hell for this jokes here is mine what do you call a dead mexican dearly deported.
1092,0,a,i am legend 
1093,0,a,one of those democrats senator charles e. schumer of new york who led the fight to oust mr. gonzales issued a statement on sunday evening praising mr. mukasey — a suggestion that democrats who are already challenging mr. bush over the war in iraq have little appetite for another big fight at the moment.
1094,0,a,local police said  taleban were killed although it is impossible to confirm those numbers independently.
1095,0,a,mr putin will take over the job himself.
1096,1,a,how to you read a book just reddit.
1097,0,a,the italian fa also does not allow external interference in the club is market choice if it sells the player on.
1098,0,a,for frazier a self-described introvert who raised chickens as a hobby her insecurities centered on her ability to speak navajo an athabascan language that long had been passed down orally.
1099,0,a,in july  he was the first high-ranking officer to say publicly that the war in iraq had become a guerrilla war—a development that then-defense secretary donald h. rumsfeld and others had refused to acknowledge.
1100,1,a,casually discarding styrofoam container filled with buffalo wing remnants into the passing stroller of a baby
1101,0,a,the late-afternoon sun was glorious on the water electric blue and sparkling.
1102,0,a,the welsh whistler was unmoved and signalled for full-time to leave edinburgh frustrated in galway for the second season running.
1103,0,a,atlanta sept.  prnewswire-firstcall -- reed construction data rcd a leading international provider of quality construction information solutions has announced an enhancement of reed datalink its powerful service that gives customers the ability to select and import projects and related information into third-party customer relationship management crm or sales force automation sfa applications.
1104,0,a,if you have soldiers hugging trees and painting hospitals at the same time as they are killing people the perception of the local populations is going to be altered significantly says one european official who spoke to newsweek on the condition that his identity be kept secret.
1105,1,a,attention fat vegans explain.
1106,0,a,but alisoft is not included in the hong kong offering.
1107,0,a,university of chile seismologist carlos aranda said such activity is normal after a large quake and could last for a couple of months.
1108,1,a,my father used to say take everything with a pinch of salt nice man. made terrible tea.
1109,0,a,he said that cystic fibrosis centers must provide appropriate social and psychological support to help families make the best choice for their children.
1110,0,a,about archus orthopedics
1111,0,a,with gamers how else can you get into their lives
1112,0,a,that meant that the crew were subjected to higher than normal gravity load on their descent he told the associated press.
1113,1,a,did you hear about the white guy who got pulled over me neither.
1114,1,a,why are not kids under the age of  allowed to watch videos about duck calls without the consent of a parent because they contain a lot of fowl language.
1115,0,a,use cloth tablecloths instead of throwaways.
1116,1,a,america is getting snow how cute -canadians
1117,0,a,kabul afghanistan ap - an afghan army medical official says at least  people were killed in a suicide bus bombing in kabul.
1118,0,a,your best bet is to match the man gear to that great new balenciaga bag that you are planning to carry.
1119,1,a,subway is like prostitution... you pay someone else to do your wife is job.
1120,0,a,striking writers take to streets
1121,0,a,schools should teach proper history not pop music sir mick jagger has suggested after discovering that the rolling stones are now a topic on the gcse syllabus.
1122,1,a,if laughter was the best medicine... your face would cure the world.
1123,1,a,some asshole has got my pen is what the nurse said when she noticed she had a rectal thermometer in her pocket. edit punctuation.
1124,1,a,do you like asian diplomacy jokes i have been feeding the kids in my political science class a steady diet of japanese government jokes.
1125,0,a,the nhc is also watching a low-pressure system in the southwestern caribbean off the coast of nicaragua.
1126,1,a,a programmer heads to the shops his wife says grab a loaf of bread and if they have eggs get a dozen he comes home with twelve loaves of bread.
1127,0,a,the drill contractor is connors argentina s.a. splitsawn core samples are assayed by alex stewart assayers argentina s.a. a certified iso  laboratory.
1128,1,a,i want to walk into a donut shop and yell... for the love of all that is hole-y.
1129,1,a,unarmed aeroplanes america is only weakness. too soon
1130,0,a,in her prime jones was one of track is first female millionaires typically earning between  and  a race plus at least another  million from race bonuses and endorsement deals.
1131,1,a,her my father is very upset that im your girlfriend. me well duh im very upset that you are my girlfriend...
1132,1,a,what is the difference between a feminist and a spear a spear has a point.
1133,1,a,the moments im not eating are somewhat torturous.
1134,1,a,today im gonna dig up the time capsule i buried when i was a kid. i can not wait to see how big my puppy is gotten.
1135,0,a,in particular they produce oils of the sort valued as biodiesel and are attracting a lot of attention from scientists and entrepreneurs looking for fuels to replace mineral oils.
1136,1,a,working at the aluminum can recycling center is the saddest job i have had. it is just soda pressing.
1137,0,a,i don’t see it as going to be any good for the working class people he said.
1138,0,a,so why not create an exchange forum allowing this swank and peripatetic world to exchange tips on good hotels and restaurants as well as on private soirees in various capitals
1139,0,a, july - kuwaitis are urged to conserve electricity as generators struggle to meet demands of economic growth fuelled by record oil exports.
1140,1,a,how does a turtle grate cheese shredder
1141,0,a,they asked not to be identified because the meetings were intended to be private.
1142,1,a,what do my ex and a box of chocolate have in common they kill my dog.
1143,0,a,taiwan is unemployment rate has hovered at  percent over the past two years but salaries are stagnating or falling with the best jobs elusive as prices of food rent and transportation go up.
1144,1,a,i feel like frosted flakes gives kids an unreasonable expectation of how friendly tigers are when you try to feed them a bowl of cereal.
1145,1,a,how do they fit all that money inside such a tiny credit card
1146,1,a,a man walks into library and asks if they have any books on coincidences. the librarian says as a matter of fact this one is just arrived.
1147,1,a,is a cat supposed to shit more than i shit asking for a cat that shits more than i shit.
1148,0,a,it was as if dylan looking the part of a well-dressed bandit in his black suit and light gray hat was playing a practical joke on fans to find out how much deconstruction they would put up with before reaching their breaking point.
1149,1,a,i love campfire smoke so much ... it brings tears to my eyes.
1150,0,a,mptunes however does not own the music it exploits nor does mptunes have any legal right or authority to use or exploit that music.
1151,1,a,why do some accountants decide to become actuaries they find bookkeeping too exciting.
1152,1,a,ben carson is the best sleep walker ever sometimes he wakes up and finds out he is standing on republican presidential debate stage.
1153,1,a,how does one french arsonist flirt with another one voulez-vous bruler avec moi ce soir
1154,0,a,are you for tobacco companies
1155,0,a,laura has listened to a explanation on the history of the city and the role of nabataean in carving and fortification the city.
1156,1,a,son dad do you remember your first blowjob dad ohhh yeah i do. son how did it taste dad get out
1157,0,a,also because none of the studies had a control group of animals that did not get chips the normal rate of tumors cannot be determined and compared to the rate with chips implanted.
1158,0,a,the son of a politically influential veteran revolutionary xi is less beholden to hu and emerged in recent weeks as a compromise candidate for leaders who feared giving hu too much sway.
1159,1,a,chuck norris is a creative kind of guy... chuck norris is a creative kind of guy the last time he farted it was quite a big deal. scientifically speaking they call it the big bang.
1160,1,a,how do you cook a stoned ham f glaze it ok im leaving
1161,1,a,link memories link
1162,1,a,to gangs that carve their names into public toilet seats a why b haha you touched a public toilet seat.
1163,1,a,what is the difference between jews and boyscouts boyscouts come back from camp.
1164,1,a,im more emotionally invested in this sandwich than i am in most humans.
1165,1,a,just gonna wait to see how long it takes this police sketch artist to realize im describing him.
1166,1,a,today a  yr old girl asked me if butterflies are flowers that escaped and i was like yo what is yr twitter handle
1167,1,a,going to my daughter is middle school basketball game. in light of recent events i have asked her to leave the guns at home.
1168,1,a,why can not we edit tweets because if we could i would edit a tweet with  retweets to say rt if you hate puppies and babies.
1169,1,a,an optimist sees the glass as half-full. a pezimist fills it with candy.
1170,1,a,why can not french people count to  because there is a tree in the way.
1171,0,a,analysts called the measures a step in the right direction but would not have much effect on the london-based firm is forthcoming third-quarter results out later in october and expected to be poor.
1172,0,a,click here to watch a video on treating and diagnosing rls
1173,1,a,some friends of mine had a baby. they did not want to know what sex it was instead they just preferred to wait and see how much it earned.
1174,1,a,blood is thicker than water but maple syrup is thicker than blood so technically pancakes are more important than family
1175,0,a,weis’ many supporters long have argued that he inherited a mess from willingham although most of weis’ early success was built on willingham’s recruits.
1176,0,a,these folks are our eyes and ears and can catch stuff as it hits their community said katherine kennedy a special deputy attorney general at the new york attorney general’s office which brought the items in yesterday’s recall to the attention of the federal commission after meeting with mr. stone.
1177,0,a,paul  has had a -year career in the house.
1178,1,a,oh you climbed mt. everest well i live with  teenagers and all the laundry in the house is clean and folded. .
1179,1,a,why did the angry jedi cross the road to get to the dark side.
1180,0,a,the best way for gm to answer its critics is with a green leap forward — and the company is working with every available technology.
1181,1,a,it may seem like i have my shit together but honestly i just learned how to spell february correctly.
1182,0,a,in  in addition to the  million he spread to hundreds of charities he also gave  million for medical research and a new children is hospital at the university.
1183,1,a,a man inserted an advertisement in the classifieds wife wanted. the next day he received  of replies all reading you can have mine. free delivery also available at your door step
1184,1,a,what is a zebra  sizes larger than an a bra.
1185,0,a,the suns can take some credit for the vertigo.
1186,1,a,why did the hippie drown in the ocean he was too far out.
1187,1,a,i got fired from my job at the juice company. i could not concentrate.
1188,0,a,on the eve of its th birthday what is it like behind the scenes at its product testing lab
1189,1,a,wives are like hurricanes they are wet and wild to begin with but when they leave they take everything
1190,1,a,best way to speed date what is your favorite subreddit what is a subreddit next.
1191,1,a,a movie about my life would really just be two hours of someone waiting at a bus stop and still managing to miss the bus.
1192,0,a,november   the me musoma engineering project has a community outreach training and rehabilitation program which is a really important aspect of the organization as the highest percentage of those with disabilities live in the rural areas of mara region and cannot travel or afford to lodge in musoma.
1193,0,a,the san francisco consulate charges  for three-day processing and  for next-day service.
1194,1,a,what is the opposite of critical thinking critical theory.
1195,0,a,british telecommunications operator vodafone wants a court to decide whether deutsche telekom can have exclusive rights to german distribution of the iphone mobile telephone a press report said tuesday.
1196,0,a,sure today general electric and berkshire hathaway note berkshire is one of my largest individual stock holdings look stronger than onion grass as we used to say in charlotte.
1197,1,a,a baby of few hours old is third in line for the highest title in the uk.
1198,0,a,murders began falling in the early ’s when raymond w. kelly first served as police commissioner and plumetted further under subsequent commissioners.
1199,1,a,uhhh sorry mozart but a wolf gang is called a pack. smh
1200,1,a,saw a black guy today with a black guy. did he get punched in the eye
1201,1,a,im going to keep using penis as a verb until someone lets me penis them.
1202,0,a,among them was a woman who said she was at the store.
1203,1,a,whats black and thin and all over my private parts dead african children
1204,1,a,how did jack get rich his bean-stock went up.
1205,1,a,piracy dates back to the th century when armed criminals boarded ships and viciously watched movies that were not out yet
1206,1,a,the problem with dieting is food.
1207,0,a,scaife was no run-of-the-mill clinton hater.
1208,0,a,most of the papers carry the same front page picture showing the princess and dodi fayed in a lift at the ritz hotel in paris only a few hours before their fatal accident.
1209,1,a,donald trump for president. that was the joke
1210,1,a,what do you call a guy with a rubber toe roberto
1211,1,a,why did the pervert cross the road he was choking the chicken.
1212,1,a,my grandmothers astrological sign was cancer. ironic how she died. crushed to death by a giant crab.
1213,1,a,few things stress me out as much as a waiter who does not write the order down.
1214,1,a,there are  references to food in the bible nuts crackers and fruitcakes are some of the... people who believe in it.
1215,1,a,her i have had gray hairs since i was . me i got my grays after i got married. hubs i can hear you. me and i love my grays honey.
1216,0,a,source aftersoft group inc.
1217,0,a,iran should be in no doubt about our seriousness of purpose brown said in remarks prepared ahead of the annual lord mayor is banquet.
1218,0,a,farming minister lord rooker has said the environment department will cover in full the shortfalls of the smallest claimants.
1219,0,a,the poll by the korea institute for health and social affairs of some  married women showed that only . percent feel they must give birth to a son newspapers reported tuesday.
1220,0,a,another cost advantage to chain link with a little patience and a post digger you can probably install it yourself.
1221,1,a,how many terribly overused vine memes does it take to screw in a lightbulb  you dumbass. its . not twenty-fucking-one.
1222,1,a,[in bar] friend your fly is down me i know he is going through a messy divorce glances to fly passed out among empty beer bottles
1223,1,a,likes your fan page hides activity from timeline
1224,0,a,mr. karayilan said he immediately phoned a counterpart at the p.u.k. who he said told him that the party was getting pressure from iran.
1225,1,a,there once was a man from gent. had a dick so long it was bent. to save himself trouble he folded it double. and instead of cumming he went.
1226,0,a,tendered notes may be withdrawn and the related consents may be revoked at any time at or prior to  p.m.
1227,1,a,hot single raccoons in your area want to rummage through your garbage.
1228,0,a,sonics chairman clay bennett said friday the club has requested an arbitration panel to rule that the nba franchise does not have to play the final two seasons of its lease at keyarena arguing that the contract allows a negotiated buyout.
1229,1,a,i made fun of a guy for still having a nokia phone. he threw it at me and knocked me unconscious.
1230,0,a,though she had already had two eye exams finding her vision was  this year a school reading specialist suggested another.
1231,1,a,what is the the key to telling an isis joke the execution.
1232,1,a,i have been reading a book on euthanasia... it is so good i can not put it down.
1233,0,a,new zealand are ranked seventh in the world after their recent - test series defeat in south africa.
1234,0,a,this raised obvious questions like what sorts of naughty gifts
1235,1,a,i was going to make a gay joke... link fuck it.
1236,0,a,another group called trusthuckabee claims it has identified about  homes in iowa that are for huckabee and it is doing phone banking for him.
1237,1,a,what do you call a muslim on an airplane a passenger you racist fuck.
1238,1,a,the browns asked if they could put a pokestop inside the stadium... in hopes that people would attend their games.
1239,1,a,coming this christmas an ageing misogynist and his quest to correct all women in his path. hugh grant stars in actually love.
1240,0,a,she told him when he was  that he could not call her mummy and that she did not want to be part of his life.
1241,1,a,have you heard the one about the jellyfish it is a real no-brainer.
1242,0,a,at present though it seems that most do not want to leave.
1243,1,a,i like my women like how i like my coffee ground up and put in my basement.
1244,0,a,there is nothing in the house i am searching for things she said.
1245,0,a,ishwar puri head of an engineering department that occupies the classroom building where most of cho is carnage took place warned against pointing fingers.
1246,1,a,my girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her honda civic..... but if im going to have sex it is going to be on my own accord.
1247,1,a,what do you call a christian who fell down the stairs a couple of steps closer to their final destination.
1248,1,a,what is e.t. short for cus he is got little legs
1249,1,a,what does a polish groom give his bride for their wedding that is long and hard a new last name.
1250,1,a,a briton is on vacation in germany. the man walks into a bar. dies.
1251,1,a,my girlfriend is due tomorrow link i have to wait  years before i can date her
1252,0,a,queen elizabeth ii prince philip prince charles and  members of the royal family were to attend the service televised live on bbc and itv.
1253,1,a,why were birth rates low in  you can not get pregnant during .
1254,0,a,an embrace by the white house of a plan to take a combat brigade off the front lines could help to ease pressure from republican lawmakers including senator john w. warner of virginia who have called for a visible gesture to show that the white house is changing course.
1255,0,a,such is the uncertainty that environmentalists estimate that it could be anywhere from  to  years.
1256,0,a,members of both parties were stunned when  house republicans voted this week for a children is health insurance plan that bush strenuously opposes and vows to veto.
1257,0,a,the government has insisted that for talks to start more strikers must return to work.
1258,1,a,jokes for and from esl teachers
1259,1,a,did you hear about the woman who spent  million dollars on plastic surgery for her butt what a waist...
1260,1,a,q why do ghouls wear glasses a so they do not bump into other ghouls.
1261,1,a,[lumberjack interview] boss im gonna axe you a few questions. haha do you get it me yeah i saw that coming boss ooo welcome aboard.
1262,1,a,why do i see so many broken condoms outside honey those are called children and should be treated as such.
1263,1,a,a skelleton goes to the bar and says can i have a pint and a mop...
1264,1,a,my snowboarding career has really gone downhill.
1265,1,a,a few weeks ago my barber cut my hair too short. i did not like how it looked at all but now it is growing on me.
1266,0,a,a few minutes later the officer explained why he stopped mcnair when i crossed the tracks down there i saw you running.
1267,0,a,court clears navy to use sonar deemed risky to whales
1268,1,a,a guy buys some condoms... a guy is buying a box of condoms at the store. after paying the clerk the clerk asks him do you want a paper bag with that he replies nah she is not that ugly.
1269,0,a,northfield ill. - food maker kraft foods inc. said tuesday it is partnering with starbucks corp. to add several varieties of the chain is coffee to the tassimo single-cup brewing system in the u.s. and canada.
1270,1,a,some family is never more than just blood.
1271,1,a,a  year-old man is walking into some dark woods with an  year-old girl... link girl says these woods are scary. the man says how do you think i feel i have to walk out all by myself.
1272,1,a,ca not wait to sit in the doctor is office reception area so i can read how to fix meatloaf  ways and catch up on .
1273,1,a,your momma is like communism no class
1274,0,a,unlike venture capitalists who usually deal with larger investments business angels - such as perth-based group braveheart - invest their own money in relatively small-scale deals in promising start-up companies usually in exchange for convertible debt or ownership equity.
1275,0,a,but africa is not about to see an explosion in us bases and airstrips.
1276,1,a,playboy is coming out with a new magazine for men who are married.  every month the centerfold is the exact same woman.
1277,0,a,harrods owner mohamed al fayed dodi is father sat quietly flicking through the bundle of photographs for around  minutes during the hearing.
1278,1,a,son have i told you about the birds and the bees dad you are an ornithologist and moms an entomologist it is literally all you guys talk about
1279,0,a,we will no later than that time consider factors similar to those on which i based the current recommendations having by then of course a better feel for the security situation the improvements in the capabilities of our iraqi counterparts and the enemy situation.
1280,0,a,danny l. miller
1281,1,a,we are going to need a bigger pocket. - iphone  plus
1282,0,a,without doubt they are bound by the rules and regulations of the societies they serve.
1283,1,a,excuse me but the sign says no shirt no shoes no service. it does not say a goddamn thing about no pants. - me drunk at target
1284,1,a,my girlfriend left me today because i have developed a pasta touching fetish. i have been feeling canneloni ever since. 
1285,0,a,bush advisers saw it as a chance to reaffirm his vision of ending tyranny.
1286,1,a,what is the difference between light and hard you can sleep with a light on
1287,0,a,judith does not want to go to day care.
1288,1,a,i own a driver-less car. yup it is sitting parked on my driveway right now.
1289,0,a,yushchenko  has struggled with voter disillusionment and a loss of support among many voters now backing tymoshenko the telegenic orange revolution heroine known here simply as yulia.
1290,0,a,he also said that the ballot would be monitored by some  local and international election observers.
1291,0,a,the longest waits - all more than a year – were in suffolk  weeks gloucestershire  tyne and wear washington health centre  ealing  havering  tyne and wear sunderland royal hospital  shepway  mid essex  and south tees .
1292,1,a,women are a lot like cars. you rarely get a brand spanking new one and as soon as you have been in it once. it loses more than half its value.
1293,0,a,or saturn is electric fields could be even more complex than before thought.
1294,1,a,going to mcdonald is is like going to the strip club... at first you are pumped and excited on the idea then you leave feeling dirty and ashamed.
1295,0,a,for more than  years the financial relations board has been one of the nation is leaders for investor relations and financial communications.
1296,0,a,mclaughlin a principal of princeton new jersey-based resound marketing recalled that one year his firm was late getting the gifts out.
1297,0,a,it was very clear to me that the new leadership of this organization shares a vision of excellence and has made a commitment to build a winning organization.
1298,0,a,ussabc to lead u.s. companies from the northeast on a business development mission to saudi arabia
1299,0,a,the protests in yangon reached  on monday becoming the biggest demonstrations since the suppressed democratic uprising in  when the military fired on peaceful crowds and killed thousands terrorizing the country.
1300,0,a,michigan dropped the interim tag toward the end of his first season.
1301,0,a,payroll documents offered by arh show that nurses on average worked . hours mandatory overtime a week.
1302,0,a,no one keeps records on how many u.s. citizens travel south for medical procedures but anecdotal evidence suggests the number is growing.
1303,0,a,when you lay photos of the two next to each other you can see it relatively clearly.
1304,0,a,myanmar tycoon on u.s. sanctions list
1305,1,a,jesus only ever had one orgasm in his life we are still waiting for the second coming
1306,1,a,twitter account is my serious account. the funny one is my bank account.
1307,1,a,q where did the martian put his teacup a on his flying saucer.
1308,1,a,can someone please explain this joke to me how do you get the elephant out of the theatre you can not. it is in his blood.
1309,0,a,darras fights for those who cannot fight for themselves or afford hourly representation.
1310,1,a,substitute teaching st graders was not at all the dead poets society experience i was hoping it would be.
1311,1,a,if your woman is always reminding you of how other many guys want her and you are lucky she is still with you dump that ho. let those wolves have her.
1312,1,a,god no work on the sabbath or i will kill you israel [has not had a day off in  years] awesome. god what israel we link no so hard
1313,0,a,more than  south african gold miners remained trapped a mile underground after an accident damaged their main lift shaft.
1314,1,a,the easiest way to get a ghost to stop hauntimg u is to change ur wifi password and act like u hav no idea why he cant conect to it anymore
1315,0,a,toyota could buy the right to put a photo and a short message under every news-feed post that links to the prius.
1316,1,a,my parents are really against my candlemaking habit. one day i came home and saw that they had thrown away all of my parrafinalia.
1317,1,a,shout out to pringles for admitting they are addictive unlike cigarettes and heroin the two biggest liars of the snack industry.
1318,1,a,wow he is good -possum at the morgue
1319,1,a,menstruation jokes are never funny... period.
1320,0,a,we had a bust in coverage the texas co-defensive coordinator duane akina said of the play in which kelly made his catch.
1321,0,a,the -year-old well-known for his fiery temper and abrasive manner served as deputy prime minister alongside mr thaksin in .
1322,1,a,why did the computer engineer retire young he had a lot of cache.
1323,1,a,what do you call a stolen tesla an edison
1324,0,a,failure to comply could result in daily penalties of hundreds of thousands of dollars according to government attorneys who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the settlement.
1325,0,a,the economics of the stylist have significantly affected the movie business.
1326,1,a,with what do mexicans use to cut pizza little ceasars
1327,0,a,no matter what our nation decides in this referendum our parliamentary governmental system will continue he added.
1328,1,a,yknow i hear the n-word a hundred times a day... i need to stop yelling it at black people.
1329,1,a,before you go to sleep tonight do not forget to sprinkle gluten around your bed to keep away the hipsters.
1330,1,a,that is disgusting unless you are up for it
1331,1,a,know what they call the useless skin around a vagina a woman.
1332,1,a,what is the difference between my grandma and a newborn baby when i fuck my grandma up the ass she does not die.
1333,0,a,should the competition between xi and li get beyond hu is control he will be blamed said li the politics watcher.
1334,0,a,in addition five humans were honored thursday for their actions toward animals in the past year including a bronx firefighter who saved a dog and cat from a burning building.
1335,0,a,interest in il capo dei capi has been kept high by real-life events like the arrest this month of salvatore lo piccolo considered the current top mobster.
1336,0,a,miami dolphins general manager randy mueller was fired monday a day after the national football league club completed a dismal - season with a - loss to cincinnati.
1337,0,a,autistic hiker found in link wilderness
1338,1,a,the night is watch opens a drinking establishment to attract new brothers. they call it the crow bar.
1339,0,a,use something like i went to the pub last night and take the first letters of each word.
1340,0,a,deputy chief cabinet secretary mitsuhide iwaki said he mistakenly reported fundraising ticket sales as political donations.
1341,1,a,you have to be careful when telling rape jokes... you never know who got buthurt
1342,1,a,i have seen in war movies where women have to smother their crying babies to get them to be quiet so how come never on an airplane
1343,0,a,over time the most targeted ads will be on mobile smelzer said.
1344,0,a,wrapped up in it however are some far trickier questions is it ethical to charge for saltwater that increasingly pumps up supermarket chickens
1345,0,a,the area from th to st streets between central park west and columbus avenue becomes congested with slow-moving on-lookers pushing their way towards the tarps where dora the explorer and kermit the frog lay waiting to be fed with helium.
1346,1,a,why is hillary clinton running for president because it is easier than running from law enforcement
1347,1,a,we act like we are too cool for brand loyalty but if someone says they bing would something we beat them to death in the street.
1348,0,a,nnn apartment reit purchased towne crossing from parkwood management which was represented by evan jacobson of thompson realty an unaffiliated third party.
1349,1,a,eli what happens when a high school calls in a replacement teacher for a subject they know nothing about ooops... wrong sub.
1350,1,a,birds a duck walks into a restaurant. after eating a whole meal he says to the waiter just put is on my bill
1351,1,a,what is an mlg is smartphone of choice an htc one m.
1352,1,a,where does santa go for a sexy carwash one whore soap-and-sleigh.
1353,0,a,in march of  an electrical fire fried to a crisp more than  million worth of vehicles.
1354,1,a,i went to the doctor today and he told me i have a big dick and a small heart... he also told me i was dyslexic.
1355,0,a,the pope joined vienna is chief rabbi paul chaim eisenberg for prayers in front of a monument to  jews from vienna killed by the nazis during world war ii the independent reported saturday.
1356,1,a,why is the lesbian lifestyle so expensive they are always eating out.
1357,1,a,i would tell you the joke about the philosopher but i think only a nietzsche audience would understand it.
1358,0,a,aldrete is charged with possession with the intent to distribute a controlled substance conspiracy to import a controlled substance and conspiracy with intent to distribute a controlled substance.
1359,0,a,the sensor can tell whether you are walking running climbing stairs or resting and counts the calories accordingly to tally daily totals tobita said.
1360,1,a,what do you do when you are attacked by a group of clowns go for the juggler
1361,0,a,the district of columbia has the highest rate.
1362,1,a,what makes mercy such a good medic it must be her high heals.
1363,1,a,what can i get you to drink pepsi is peps- uh one moment please [in kitchen to manager] i do not know he just said pepsi. what do i do
1364,0,a,she is earned several awards along with the respect of her co-workers and members of her community.
1365,1,a,i have never dumped a girl. i always lay them peacefully in a field to be discovered by school children
1366,0,a,work to replace wrong pavement
1367,1,a,tell me tbe the aristocrats joke can someone tell me a good version of the aristocrats joke im trying to tell my friend but kinda mutilated it
1368,0,a,the monument named fantastic busan wave in dubai has been designed by renowned korean designer jeon ki su who has designed some of the world is famous games torches including those for the  beijing olympic games the  busan asian games and the  doha asian games.
1369,0,a,the north carolina of hog farms and tobacco plantations is now a thing of the past.
1370,0,a,she told friends she was running away for love to be with a boy she met online.
1371,1,a,someone told me that you look like an owl.
1372,1,a,what is the cheapest meat available deer testicles it is under a buck.
1373,0,a,the police chief of wardak described the disappearance of the four red cross workers as a kidnapping.
1374,0,a,quetta pakistan ap - a bomb ripped through a bus parked at a terminal in southwestern pakistan on saturday killing seven people and wounding six others police said.
1375,1,a,what is the difference between a sin and a shame it is a sin to put it in but it is a shame to take it out.
1376,0,a,let a hundred decadent spas bloom
1377,1,a,what is the difference between jelly and jam i can not jelly my dick in your ass.
1378,0,a,our superior and indulgent offerings have been highly popular with our growing renter-by-choice demographic.
1379,1,a,the first guy to skip a rock was probably all sad and just trying to toss the rock in the pond and was like well can not even do that right
1380,1,a,the girl in the car next to me is totally checking me out. i think she likes me. after im done picking my nose im gonna smile and wave.
1381,0,a,the mother was not spared.
1382,0,a,the company’s revenue is split roughly evenly between advertising online purchases of premium memberships and job listings and bulk sales to corporations.
1383,0,a,the former president and the other superstar panelists took questions from the audience before giving up the stage to performances by hip-hop artist wyclef jean and soulful singer keyes.
1384,0,a,he was covered with flood and homeowners insurance and has received  from the state is road home program.
1385,1,a,humpty dumpty had a great fall. his summer was ok.
1386,1,a,like most parents my wife and i love to proudly watch our beautiful little daughter whilst she sleeps. freaks her husband out though.
1387,1,a,the best way to remember your st birthday is not at all. have fun blacking out.
1388,0,a,they marched over of grievances ranging from harsh new penalties for illegal parking to corruption in government and the use of illegal labor.
1389,0,a,bush announced friday that washington would expand sanctions imposed last month to punish the military-run government and its backers for the crackdown on pro-democracy protesters.
1390,1,a,what starts with e ends with e and has only  letter in it an envelope.
1391,1,a,my girlfriend finally watched back to the future. it is about time.
1392,0,a,it is perhaps not as enviable an epithet as the fair city but perth now has a new name tesco town.
1393,0,a,those times he got up shook off the hard hits and went right back to the game that was not courage.
1394,0,a,we are probably going to see a fair amount over the next several days said christopher a. strong a meteorologist at the national weather service office in sterling.
1395,0,a,one concern as people cut back on gifts parties and travel is that they may cross the line from appearing to be frugal to looking cheap.
1396,0,a,administrator alan bloom said it would be working closely with tfl to progress their proposal towards an exit from administration preferably early in the new year.
1397,0,a,the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists says abstinence from alcohol is the safest option but that low level consumption of alcohol  or  units once or twice a week has not yet been found to be harmful to women or their babies.
1398,0,a,on july  when citigroup reported second quarter earnings ceo charles prince likewise crowed about broken records.
1399,0,a,soy dogs and burgers might seem like the ultimate green meal but only if they are certified organic and made of soy that does not contain genetically modified organisms.
1400,0,a,and second he should have prepared the public services for a slowdown in spending and he has not done that either.
1401,0,a,aftershocks rock indonesia
1402,0,a,newsweek reviews the year with an irreverent look at the major players of .
1403,0,a,the caller to the hutchinson store where more than  people were held for  minutes appeared to have visual access to the store.
1404,0,a,the darfur rebels have been trying to link up with new rebel groups in khordofan where there are large fields of sudan is proven oil reserves.
1405,1,a, guys walk into a bar... the th guy ducked.
1406,0,a,the terminal is slated for completion in time for the  olympics in beijing and will be outfitted with holy water and other equipment.
1407,0,a,let is say a client tells you my boss does not appreciate me.
1408,0,a,although many market watchers look at retailers like target or lowe’s — both of which incidentally cut their sales forecasts last week — the fact is that consumers will continue to shop even if the economy slows dramatically they will just buy less.
1409,1,a,my penis is so big... the only relationships i can have are long distance
1410,1,a,a really fat friend sat on her cat long story short - now i can add search and rescue proctologist and vet to my resume.
1411,1,a,everyone at this whistling convention looks extremely suspicious.
1412,0,a,glasgow is andrew mcarthur who is just £ away from gaining his tour card for  continued steadily with a  for  while aberdeen is richie ramsay came in two shots back on  after a .
1413,0,a,i just was not there.
1414,0,a,book of secrets finds gates faced with an unpleasant twist in his vaunted family history it seems that his great-grandfather long venerated as the man who in  burned a page of john wilkes booth is diary in order to prevent the confederacy from acquiring a cache of gold was actually in on the scheme.
1415,0,a,second perform some outdoor activities and lose the weight we have collected while sitting on the couch watching tv.
1416,0,a,the report which was based on a review of research into teenager sexual behavior was being released wednesday by the nonpartisan national campaign to prevent teen and unplanned pregnancy.
1417,1,a,after watching today is apple event i can confirm the new iphone will not be a failure. in fact it will be a huge s.
1418,0,a,hoekstra a conservative from western michigan said he reached his decision on his own and had not consulted with party leaders.
1419,1,a,found a jelly bean in my skittles like a surprise gift from the diabetes fairy.
1420,0,a,reid alluded to things we can do on a bipartisan basis to get the  votes needed in the senate to avoid procedural roadblocks to legislation.
1421,1,a,family reunions must be really awkward in the south... especially when you see your exes there
1422,0,a,washington nov.  prnewswire-firstcall -- fannie mae nyse fnm will host a conference call tomorrow friday november th at  a.m.
1423,1,a,how do you kill a hipster by drowning him in the mainstream
1424,1,a,when i went scuba diving the guy gave me the wrong breathing gases what an oxy moron.
1425,0,a,mogadishu somalia ap - the government on tuesday freed a top u.n. food-aid official for somalia after holding him for nearly one week in detention granting the man bail but maintaining allegations he committed unspecified crimes officials said.
1426,0,a,he was convicted in september of two counts of rape as an accomplice in the  arranged marriage of a -year-old follower and her -year-old cousin.
1427,0,a,mr. jobs said the company was making a total refresh of the ipod line and he demonstrated a series of new features that showed how apple was turning the music player into a hand-held computer.
1428,0,a,the documentary also places bennett within the american cultural context tallying both his influences fred astaire judy garland among them and how he ranks as a performer -- and a painter.
1429,0,a,when he was a very young boy just before his accident his father had taken him deer hunting a mystical adventure that had required awakening before dawn carrying weapons and wearing a bright red hat for visibility one that could be seen from distances of forever.
1430,0,a,the poor turkeys have enough problems on thanksgiving said dr. carol ash of somerset medical center is sleep for life center in hillsborough n.j.
1431,1,a,scared the postman i scared the postman today by showing up to the door completely naked. im not sure what scared him more the fact that i was naked or that i knew where he lived
1432,1,a,hookers should use laundry mats as fronts for their brothels they both charge by the load.
1433,1,a,why did the pervert buy . pints of salsa [ gals  cup]link
1434,1,a,walentine is day when your woman decides to give the gift you really wanted.
1435,0,a,i knew it would be and for a month i would run up the dumyat in all weathers to get myself in shape.
1436,0,a,simpson began teaching at emerson last year after leaving abc where she anchored abc world news tonight sunday from  to .
1437,1,a,a catholic priest is drowning - if only he had a buoy to hold onto
1438,1,a,here take my hand. now slap yourself with it.
1439,1,a,why did the lawyer go to the tailor he wanted a law-suit
1440,1,a,what do you call a dog who can do magic a labracadabrador
1441,1,a,bloody good question how can you ever be late for anything in london they have a huge clock right in the middle of the town.
1442,1,a,a pack of coyotes shrieking at  am is less unsettling if you instead imagine it is a bachelorette party that just got a limo upgrade.
1443,0,a,here is just a sample of some of the more egregious elements of this bill
1444,0,a,the decrease is due to a decline of  in net interest income and increases of  in the provision for loan losses and  in other expenses partially offset by an increase of  in other income and a decrease of  in income taxes.
1445,1,a,what did the egg say when asked what a whisk does beats me.
1446,0,a,prince leads pistons past heat
1447,1,a,what kind of vegetable is the hypest a turnup obvs
1448,0,a,elizabeth megan mullally
1449,0,a,after you die he might show up to claim half of the property.
1450,0,a,he cited the situation on the aleutian island of kiska which still holds a colony of millions of auklets a small seabird but where introduced rats are decimating that natural population.
1451,0,a,one exception was haley barbour the republican governor of mississippi.
1452,1,a,what did they say about the guy who woke up and jerked off on his alarm clock every day he always came on time.
1453,1,a,with me it is not pride that comes before a fall. it is half a bottle of vodka and a coffee table that i forgot existed.
1454,1,a,the best way to meet new women is outside a sex change clinic.
1455,1,a,how does the man on the moon cut his hair eclipse it
1456,1,a,what peanut butter do total dicks eat schmuckers.
1457,1,a,how did the inventor of the car advertise his new horse-less carriage he said it goes without a hitch.
1458,0,a,it’s inappropriate mr. wazir said.
1459,0,a,but united nations officials said ready or not the talks had to take place because the situation on the ground in darfur was only getting worse — more chaotic more violent and more difficult for humanitarian workers to help the two million displaced people trapped in squalid camps that have become incubators for frustration and crime.
1460,0,a,before them it was either posh people or actors playing cheeky chappies talking in false cockney accents.
1461,1,a,i heard there is a new dating app for paedophiles kinder is due to be released shortly.
1462,1,a,major tom this is major tom to ground control im stepping through the door and im floating in a most peculiar way gc new phone. who dis
1463,0,a,filiberto rivera sealed the win with another pair of free throws with eight seconds left.
1464,1,a,if the angel gabriel came from heaven how was he so sure that mary was pregnant
1465,1,a,why did the cia torture the russian wasp because he was a cagey bee agent.
1466,0,a,the different assortments of all the mres were as i call them charms candy hard as a rock and stuck to your teeth tootsie roll huge and did not taste like chocolate chicklet gum send you straight to the throne the peanut butter and crackers well a bit oily but i considered a keeper.
1467,1,a,why do they call dogs k- because k- are for pussies.
1468,0,a,pia is web address is hyperlink link link
1469,0,a,the crystal bridges museum was founded by alice walton the daughter of the late wal-mart founder sam walton and is scheduled to open in .
1470,1,a,what idiot called them atheists instead of non-parishables
1471,1,a,a hammer and a nail cost . the hammer is a dollar more than the nail how much is does the nail cost
1472,1,a,what is the beatles favourite social media site reddit be
1473,1,a,a man was killed in a rice field by a small porcelain doll.... it was the very first knick-knack patty whack
1474,1,a,geico could probably save you more than  percent if they stopped spending  billion dollars on advertising.
1475,0,a,approaching the vast statue from behind the bevy of backsides are from left to right an elephant dom jose i and his horse and pegasus.
1476,1,a,how did the hipster make it to the front page he did it before it was cool
1477,1,a,we were driving past the graveyard and my dad asks do you know why i can not be buried there why not because im not dead yet son.
1478,1,a,i tried to disrupt my bio teacher today and asked her what her favorite codon was she said stop
1479,0,a,while the business reported encouraging reservation levels this summer investors will want to see what impact the woes of northern rock have had on the business after housebuilder barratt developments said new homes sales dropped by up to  per cent in the week after the crisis.
1480,1,a,my friend can only masturbate when he listens to really bad music. beats off.
1481,0,a,they become ridiculous given the exploding possibilities to grow crops for biofuels production.
1482,0,a,musa qala is part of the overall concept here denying the taliban the ability to control northern helmand said maj. chris belcher a spokesman for the u.s.-led coalition.
1483,0,a,he loves to scare people.
1484,1,a,reading is great. you stare at stained slices of tree for hours on end hallucinating vividly as time passes you by.
1485,0,a,aug.   - the washington d.c.-based american psychological association under pressure to respond to reports implicating mental-health professionals in prisoner-abuse scandals at guantanamo bay and abu ghraib prison in iraq has banned members from any involvement in interrogations that involve torture.
1486,1,a,what does a grumpy sheep say at christmas link
1487,1,a,i went fishing but did not catch any fish it was a failure.
1488,1,a,i wore my golf socks today there is a hole in one
1489,1,a,my friend asked me if i had ever gotten and given oral sex at the same time and i said yes little does he know i can suck my own dick
1490,0,a,it sends a message that people can band together for a common cause and they do not need a lot of recognition said nicholas who founded an investment firm and lives in chenequa wis.
1491,1,a,what kind of coffee does an executioner drink decap
1492,1,a,i believe that every person has a story to link is why i stay at home.
1493,1,a,upon hearing that my donor is in eugene i proceeded to inform my wife that my heart is in oregon. she replied i know what a heart is.
1494,0,a,henrik sparholt a fisheries scientist at the ices said good stocks of cod were born in  but it was important to allow them to grow to adulthood and spawn.
1495,0,a,and placing windows up high in dormers or on walls where ceilings are vaulted let in light but not prying eyes.
1496,1,a,me - im not in the mood to work today my bank account - you better get in the mood
1497,0,a,unlike the  heavyweight championship fight there was no social significance to yesterday’s game.
1498,0,a,dell l. dailey is life has been one long string of secrets.
1499,0,a,for the past three years the organization also has looked at representation of minorities men and women on broadcast tv.
1500,1,a,i bet elmo wonders about how they might stop funding pbs. and sometimes why.
1501,0,a,tyco electronics intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to repay a portion of its borrowings under its unsecured bridge loan facility of which . billion is currently drawn.
1502,0,a,apple sells individual licenses for  and family packs which allow users to install the programs on five different computers for .
1503,0,a,dealbook also has a newsletter and a web site link that is updated continuously when markets are open.
1504,0,a,outreach to muslim communities in the united states whose unfriendliness to terrorist groups has made the united states less vulnerable than other countries to terror attacks
1505,0,a,all about george clooney
1506,1,a,once a clock was very tired.. what does that clock say at  oclock night  am feeling very sleepy.
1507,0,a,post-show soirees all over town boasted star-studded guest lists plus long lines and crowds of camera-toting fans hoping to snap shots of their favorite celebs.
1508,1,a,did you see the story about the psychic dwarf escaping prison the headline was small medium at large.
1509,0,a,as a result such gaps expose the nation to internal spy threats and could have been to blame for security breaches by fbi intelligence analyst leandro aragoncillo who was arrested in october .
1510,0,a,a discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in atandt is filings with the securities and exchange commission.
1511,1,a,why did donald trump cross the road to avoid debating.
1512,0,a,in theory the baby should be born this week.
1513,0,a,volunteer forces known as awakening councils - groups of sunni arab fighters who have turned against al qaida and are now funded by the us - have been credited with helping reduce violence in iraq in recent months.
1514,1,a,what is the difference between a jew and a pizza a pizza does not scream when you put it in the oven.
1515,0,a,the bank alerted police and the following day officers searched jones home while he was still in bed.
1516,0,a,what did that entail
1517,1,a,if i have  cakes and i eat  what do i have diabetes.... i will see myself out
1518,0,a,having danced the previous weekend in a kilt last weekend logan waltzed with firmly set jaw to flower of scotland sparking accusations that he is blatantly currying the home vote.
1519,0,a,other airport workers field the same question.
1520,0,a,five trucks burst into flames inside a tunnel after a -truck pileup on a rain-slicked road in the united states that left  people injured and one missing.
1521,0,a,cristina president.
1522,1,a,i am so depressed. i think suicide is the only answer. if my bitch ex-wife would just commit suicide my life would be so much better.
1523,0,a,it is a small step for me but a great leap for the malaysian people he said rephrasing neil armstrong is words after the  moon landing.
1524,1,a,harry potter alohamora mora aloha harry
1525,1,a,what do black guys have that is double the size of white men and gets bigger every time they touch a woman their criminal record.
1526,0,a,a rare moment of calm in the capital
1527,0,a,the school of economics and management tsinghua university is in close collaboration with the sloan school of management at the massachusetts institute of technology mit to develop ccfr.
1528,1,a,my wife said i was bad in bed so i banged her on the coffee table. location. location. location.
1529,0,a,little wonder that as the new york daily news reported marbury threatened to spill the beans on thomas secrets.
1530,0,a,un secretary general ban ki-moon said he regrets this development and urges all parties to maintain calm as well as to further intensify efforts to reach a compromise as soon as possible according to a statement from his office.
1531,1,a,what do you do with a dead chemist you barium.
1532,1,a,chicken pot pie sounds like a delicious  course meal.
1533,1,a,may th is star wars day may the th be with you.
1534,1,a,i have a dream... that one day handicap people will be able to park wherever they want.
1535,1,a,a skeleton goes into a bar orders a beer and a mop.
1536,0,a,second quarter
1537,0,a,on tuesday japanese foreign minister mashiko komura said japan may bear some costs for the disablement of the facilities.
1538,1,a,what do you call an unusual rabbit a rare hare.
1539,1,a,if april showers bring may flowers... then may flowers bring pilgrims.
1540,1,a,what is a social justice warrior is favorite math course triggernometry.
1541,0,a,it is the type of things mps love the public thinks is silly and it generates more heat than light but what the heck
1542,0,a,it is important to determine the fate of our future relations.
1543,0,a,the film about the difficulty of maintaining a solid love relationship in modern times rose to the top position on the first week in theaters pushing aside other contenders.
1544,1,a,me which cup do you want -year-old that one. me let is pick a different one. -year-old no. drinks milk from a shot glass
1545,1,a,having a hot wife is like being a diabetic with a coupon for unlimited cheesecakes. it may look nice but you never get to use it. source have a hot wife never get laid
1546,0,a,washington has refused to distance itself from gen musharraf a long-time ally though correspondents say it is making increasingly urgent demands that emergency powers he imposed on  november be lifted.
1547,0,a,the prime minister said the tories had opposed new rules on security guards.
1548,1,a,why is the ocean always wet because wherever she is she is always getting rode.
1549,0,a,the lack of a clear-cut favorite seemingly presents opportunity for any of the strong contenders to emerge.
1550,0,a,enrique is bringing back something we have not seen in many years which is getting together for no reason says johnny yataco peruvian-born publisher of the washington hispanic newspaper.
1551,1,a,i told my wife she should call me a champion bullrider... because i consistently last  seconds riding a horned animal.
1552,1,a,my girlfriend complained about my obsession with spices. so i said bae leave.
1553,1,a,did you hear about the guy who watched that new bruce willis film five times in a row he was a die hard fan.
1554,0,a,kummer said participants are free and encouraged to take what they learn to other venues such as national legislatures or international treaty-based bodies where change is possible—including the u.s. congress and american government agencies because the united states must agree to let go.
1555,1,a,one man six horses. a man was hospitalized with six plastic horses inside him. the doctor described his condition as stable.
1556,0,a,appalachian state over michigan was wonderful theater but ultimately a one-time usurpation of the laws governing big-time college sports.
1557,1,a,vaccination awareness is rising last night i saw a young man vaccinate himself behind a dumpster
1558,0,a,u.s. plans inquiry on strike that killed civilians
1559,0,a,fedley an inspector on the lookout for dull blades asked cohen to hand over his razor after several minutes.
1560,1,a,poker is like sex not fun to watch if there are a lot of folds
1561,0,a,march  lord alli chairman chorion
1562,0,a,that’s an argument one often hears.
1563,1,a,why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster so we can think about a solution in silence.
1564,0,a,the pools channels and marshes in central california where the sacramento river meets the san joaquin river are the source of drinking water for  million californians.
1565,0,a,and i did watch the first two episodes of season  in an effort to get to know this wild child better.
1566,0,a,it has not given up a goal in  minutes in world cup play.
1567,1,a,chemistry what did the scientist say when he found  isotopes of helium hehe
1568,1,a,did you hear about the blind man who took a hammer and saw
1569,1,a,i remember my first crush.. orange.
1570,1,a,me your shoes are on the wrong feet. son.... me..... son.... me.... son i do not have any other feet. me.... fair enough dude.
1571,0,a,this escalation further increased the risk to our services.
1572,1,a,what is the difference between biggie smalls and your mom biggie loves it when you call him big poppa while your mom just loves it when you call.
1573,0,a,when there are problems with access anyansi said transit officials post information on station signs and on a web site and they update a hot line four times a day.
1574,1,a,what quality does elon musk look for in a woman he just wants her to be down to mars
1575,1,a,air bags my car is attempt of cheering me up after accidents by giving me surprise balloons.
1576,1,a,at the teraphist sometimes i just can not focus at work. patient that is fine but we are here to talk about my problems.
1577,1,a,where do they categorize the history books in an indian library naan-fiction.
1578,1,a,it says here that diarrhea is hereditary... it runs in your jeans credit chillblinton
1579,0,a,ducks bertuzzi out at least a week
1580,0,a,the widow of the poisoned russian dissident alexander litvinenko said yesterday that she had filed a lawsuit in the european court of human rights to try to force russia to find out who was behind his death.
1581,0,a,they say that although masks hide the foreigners’ faces it is clear that they do not speak pashtu the local language.
1582,0,a,about n-able technologies
1583,1,a,apparently you have great tweets sounds a lot like you have great tits in a crowded bar.
1584,0,a,don’t know if that was because of the tease or because they were excited.
1585,1,a,how do you keep a idiot waiting i will tell you guys later.
1586,1,a,you would think goldilocks would have been all like damn it smells like bears in here. is that a family portrait of bears. i should leave.
1587,0,a,beyoncé was the only one doing that in ‘dreamgirls’  mr. gatson said.
1588,0,a,n.f.i. is proud to have been able to support a continuing discussion of the importance of eating seafood as part of healthy diet during pregnancy he said.
1589,1,a,do you know of anyone that has had sex while camping i was told it is really intents.
1590,0,a,the overall budget total was a slight reduction from the . billion figure proposed by secretary general ban ki-moon in november which represented a substantial increase over the . billion budget for  and  that mr. ban attributed to the growing demands on the organization.
1591,1,a,adolf hitler once asked the germans if it was raining in their place the germans replied no it is hail hitler
1592,1,a,im not the type of person you should put on speaker phone
1593,1,a,what do spanish canadians put on their tacos pork eh
1594,0,a,we look forward to working with this valued credit union to provide a mobile banking and payments solution that will allow america first to improve member retention generate revenue and enhance brand equity.
1595,0,a,norine mcdonald of the senlis council says it is the only viable alternative.
1596,0,a,there are professors in developing countries using the courses as models for their own.
1597,1,a,so i have a pretty good fathers day joke ca not wait to tell my dad when he finally brings the milk home
1598,0,a,we are ultimately left exactly where we were three years ago the court wrote in its - ruling.
1599,0,a,all of them worked for jackson as did others perle brought into the reagan administration where he served as under secretary of defense and where he fought the state department as ceaselessly as he did the russians.
1600,0,a,it is anticipated that the next america is cup will now be staged in either  or  but the delay has infuriated the six other challengers including britain is team oriigin.
1601,0,a,what would you do as dealer with that east hand pass open one heart or open one spade
1602,0,a,thalesnano is a world-leading provider of flow chemistry instruments for laboratories with well over  share on the explosively developing market of laboratory flow reactors.
1603,1,a,my sister asked if i stole her cream sweater. uh yeah. who else would have stolen it you think a burglar broke in and was like cute top.
1604,1,a,what did the bullfighter shout just as a bull gored his guts out ole shit.
1605,1,a,what did sean connery say to a couple of lobsters he saw take up an extra parking space you are two shellfish.
1606,0,a,this is an absurdity dangelo whose book received pleasant reviews in italy said in an interview here.
1607,1,a,with soaring gas prices and my abnormally sized feet i am thinking that i will be yabba-dabba-dooing it to work this week.
1608,0,a,the school closed in .
1609,1,a,what do you call a dog on the beach sandy claws merry christmas
1610,0,a,the price is less than a third of what a hotel or spa normally would charge.
1611,0,a,thorp an emeritus professor of entomology from the university of california at davis found one solitary worker last year along a remote mountain trail in the siskiyou mountains but has not been able to locate any this year.
1612,1,a,did you hear about the time helen keller fell down the well she screamed her fingers to the bone.
1613,1,a,what would i be if i doubled myself meme
1614,0,a,i have just started getting really into these people i befriended on myspace - they are based in brighton and they are called the sons of noel and adrian.
1615,0,a,wallace of course mrs. bush with a higher profile almost inevitably comes criticism.
1616,0,a,the low-lying country is vulnerable to flooding and cyclones and it stands to be badly affected by predicted rises in sea levels.
1617,1,a,quick question how many bowls of mac and cheese can you eat during a skype job interview before you look unprofessional
1618,0,a,san francisco - lost its sixth in a row with another dismal offensive performance as leading rusher frank gore sore ankle did not play.
1619,1,a,i pulled a groin muscle getting out of bed this morning... over and over and over.....
1620,1,a,a man walks up to his friend and asks him what he is doing... the man replies im donating this chair to chairity.
1621,1,a,what has one n two gs an i e and an r and you can only say this word when you belong to this group ginger
1622,0,a,simulscribe is comprehensive network interoperability enables users to unify all their phone lines mobile home work to one unlimited voicemail box.
1623,0,a,it would have to be something that everybody is forced to do the same way.
1624,1,a,where can you find a dog with no legs right where you left him.
1625,1,a,why was the shire so shocked when bilbo threw himself and sam into mt. doom they were the first citizens they ever lost to a mordor-suicide like that.
1626,1,a,why does isis only drink drip coffee because they hate french press.
1627,0,a,source jott networks
1628,1,a,what did the boy with no hands get for christmas gloves. nah im just kidding. he has not opened it yet.
1629,1,a,why is an elephant braver than a hen  because the elephant is not chicken .
1630,0,a,mr. frank is now trying to push through legislation that extends moderate regulation to the subprime market.
1631,1,a,if you walk a mile in my shoes you will end up at the bar...
1632,1,a,once in your life you will come across a special person that makes you think the prison food will be worth it.
1633,0,a,our military deployment to north-eastern congo in helped plug a critical gap in the un is presence there in .
1634,0,a,this includes a fundamental understanding of drug actions as the basis for evaluating efficacy and safety.
1635,0,a,gray was a well known and much loved character in angus and fife.
1636,0,a,this saves people money because they are avoiding waste balis said.
1637,0,a,a lot of it is because we try not be the ugly americans.
1638,1,a,a man has been shot with a starting pistol... the police are pretty sure it is race related.
1639,0,a,unfortunately . . .
1640,0,a,antawn jamison added  points and  rebounds roger mason scored a career-high  points and brendan haywood had  points and nine rebounds for the wizards who gave coach eddie jordan his th career win.
1641,1,a,i have just found that my wii remote does not work if you take it out of the sync region. much like my wife.
1642,1,a,me chinese me play joke me put pee pee in your coke. me russian me got krass me put pee pee in your ass.
1643,1,a,milkman today my girlfriend was sexually harassed by a milkman. this really happened
1644,1,a,overheard a dude say he wished there was a female version of viagra. i guess his girlfriend has a really flaccid penis.
1645,1,a,i told my mate that i could not make his wedding as im going to a brothel. you fucking arsehole he said. depends how much money i have.
1646,1,a,my girlfriend is amazing she is a chinese food chef so shes very lo mein-tenance
1647,0,a,agent hints a-rod likely to opt out
1648,0,a,about  percent of white europeans have two copies of the tall version and they are on average  centimeter taller than the  percent who have two copies of the short version the scientists say.
1649,0,a,muqam said he saw two or three dead in the blast—members of his security staff.
1650,0,a,the company also issued a disappointing forecast for the current period as sales of its line of smartphones fail to keep paced with rivals.
1651,1,a,i mean if you do the math the most weight i can really gain from the pound of pumpkin pie i ate tonight is only one pound i thought fatly.
1652,1,a,why is it hard to break up with a star trek fan because they are such kling-ons.
1653,0,a,a composite picture of jean charles de menezes was doctored to make the innocent brazilian look more like a terrorist suspect the old bailey was told yesterday.
1654,0,a,the kansas senator had run a lackluster campaign had been polling in the single digits even in his must-win state of iowa and he had raised little money.
1655,0,a,london ap - british prime minister gordon brown says he believes the loss of life in myanmar has been far greater than is being reported.
1656,0,a,but he stressed it will take some time before we are able to make public our estimation.
1657,1,a,trying to understand some people is like trying to pick up a turd by the clean end...
1658,0,a,boy missing since christmas day
1659,0,a,we lost out on the kevin garnett sweepstakes jackson joked.
1660,1,a,they agree im funny i started my new job at the retirement center today. told the residents that im a really funny guy. they did not understand any of my jokes but they still pissed themselves.
1661,0,a,wendy is international inc. offers salads yogurt with granola and mandarin oranges.
1662,0,a,michael m. grynbaum aron pilhofer and margot williams contributed reporting.
1663,1,a,mondays are made for booze and link hell i will just skip to the booze.
1664,1,a,i had sex with an asian woman in an elevator... it was wong on so many levels
1665,1,a,of all the advice given to me over the years there really is no bad time for a beer has proved to be the most helpful. thanks ma.
1666,0,a,a drugged-up motorist ran over pack is two young children in  as they walked to get ice cream on a sunday evening.
1667,1,a,what do english pirates call each other m
1668,0,a,associated press writers brendan riley in carson city nev. scott sonner in reno nev. betsy taylor in st. louis mo. and romina spina in london contributed to this report.
1669,1,a,a girlfriend is like a good joke. if i told you i had one you would probably laugh.
1670,1,a,what do you get when you cross a moose with a mexican a mexican moose
1671,1,a,you are all invited to my murder shed i mean my shed
1672,0,a,we do not tell them they can not have children out of wedlock.
1673,0,a,he points at a black howard university tote bag.
1674,1,a,as the crow flies means something entirely different when it is in your living room and you are hiding in the closet with your cat.
1675,0,a,tokyo reuters - japan is supreme court has denied pleas from two people with gender identity disorders to change their sex in government household records their legal adviser said on monday.
1676,1,a,a man comes home to his wife with a big bunch of flowers... i suppose i will have to keep my legs open for the next few days. the wife says. the husband replies why do not you have any vases
1677,1,a,what is a pirate is favorite thing too do hook up
1678,1,a,you know what they say about anthropologists they are all outstanding in their field.
1679,0,a,giorgos kirtzos a publisher and political analyst said he expects the government to be re-elected but then face a huge governing challenge.
1680,1,a,when i get naked my shower gets turned on.
1681,1,a,when decorating your tween daughter is room do not forget to leave ample space for half the glasses in your kitchen.
1682,0,a,there’s no basis in fact for suing the nfl and the titans langford said.
1683,1,a,ok i have  short jokes and a long one. joke joke jooooooooooooooke. i will show myself out.
1684,1,a,bicycle cop im taking you to jail me [sarcastic voice] should i ride on your pegs or walk next to you [segway cop just dying laughing]
1685,0,a,he was caring and generous said janae archer .
1686,1,a,the best ways to spell the name sean . sean . shawn . shaun . chone . shnzzang . beans. . ulurion . shon
1687,1,a,why do ostriches have long necks because their heads are so far from their bodies.
1688,0,a,while taking note of the views of the myanmar government mr gambari stressed that a return to the status quo before the crisis would not be sustainable and suggested specific steps for myanmar to meet international expectations in this regard the un said in a statement.
1689,0,a,the funeral prayer will be performed and the body will be buried after the friday massprayers in mireikh cemetery.
1690,1,a,how does moses make coffee hebrews it
1691,0,a,but had i walked in through the front they would talk and act in a very different manner.
1692,1,a,judge are you married a. no im divorced. judge. and what did your husband do before you divorced him a. a lot of things i did not know about.
1693,0,a,planning rules put an unnecessary obstacle into the path of householders.
1694,1,a,i disapprove of every conspiracy of which i am not a part.
1695,1,a,roses are red violets blue open you are legs a few hours or two.
1696,1,a,why does acdc prefer android to apple she is got the jack
1697,0,a,mr bird and his partner have the opportunity to go somewhere else if they feel that strongly.
1698,0,a,on oahu there’s town and there’s country.
1699,0,a,the jaguars are fourth in the nfl in rushing . yards per game including a -yard performance last week in a - win over houston.
1700,1,a,what do you call an unpleasant sand-carrying windstorm da rude sandstorm
1701,0,a,i have been here a few times as a player and a manager and gone away with a few hidings so it is nice to come away with a win.
1702,1,a,who comes up with these names a casino novice like me can get into real trouble at something called a craps table.
1703,1,a,sure white people can not say the n word but. atleast we can say phrases like thanks for the warning officer and hey dad.
1704,0,a,other possible winners say businessmen and emirates officials are sanctions-busting smugglers.
1705,0,a,that is because there is work to be done and right now there is a lot of it.
1706,1,a,at the olympics at the olympics a man went up to a competitor who was carrying a very long pole. are you a pole vaulter no im german. how did you know my name is walter
1707,0,a,and while the scrum and line-out worked well in the first-half they lacked the cutting edge of their welsh opponents.
1708,1,a,i farted in my wallet. now i have gas money
1709,0,a,if we said it and meant it it would be stopped tomorrow.
1710,1,a,what do you do to an elephant with three balls walk him and pitch to the giraffe.
1711,0,a,co-star meryl streep  who plays a tv journalist did not attend the premiere and director robert redford who also takes on a role in the film appeared to have slipped in through the back door.
1712,1,a,boss im looking for a volunteer. me chops off own legs i can not. co-worker im busy sorry. me damn that is a better excuse.
1713,0,a,of course individual mandate schemes carry political risks of their own even among supporters of the democratic party.
1714,0,a,couple dead serious about selling home
1715,0,a,in texas cycling champion and cancer survivor lance armstrong led an effort that asked residents to authorize up to  billion in bonds over  years to create a cancer research center.
1716,1,a,how many irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb two. one to hold the bulb and one to drink until the room spins.
1717,0,a,the only disappointing thing to the sec this season was alabama coach nick saban had to go and pop off at south florida claiming the bulls were intruding in the top  because they can get suspect students in school.
1718,1,a,my friend asked me if you could have any super power in the world what would it be i said cold war russia.
1719,0,a,warren and curtis who each had  rebounds went a combined  for  from the free-throw line in the final  seconds for mississippi which matched the best start in team history.
1720,1,a,i give it two months before trump tries putting his face on our money.
1721,1,a,welcome teachers and parents to our community school assembly gestures to  ikea boxes let is begin. who is got the allen wrench
1722,0,a,they have not allowed themselves that space in which to assess the evidence.
1723,1,a,what type of luggage only speaks in short sentences  a brief case.
1724,0,a,i made the sacrifice and therefore i can drink whatever i want said shopkeeper ernesto gonzalez  as he looked at american-made humvees and other luxury vehicles at a motor display in the capital caracas where people sipped draught beer and pina coladas on the showroom floor.
1725,0,a,if you were sitting with a friend from a different division at lunch you would tell each other about the cases you were working on.
1726,0,a,as these spacecraft develop they will open up opportunities for astronaut training and also for a range of scientific experiments - from the effects of weightlessness on chemical reactions to radio astronomy.
1727,1,a,hi reddit i am on aa flight . we are going down. ama.
1728,0,a,however actual results could differ materially from these expectations if known or unknown risks affect results or if management is estimates or assumptions prove inaccurate.
1729,1,a,paraplegic party you goin to the paraplegic party i hear its gonna be crawling with pussy
1730,0,a,once i had and now i don’t.
1731,0,a,the dates and locations of the funerals for the other servicemen are being set by their families.
1732,0,a,every time i go out there is pressure on me i do not get good sleep.
1733,0,a,superior court judge scott m. gordon ruled that that ex-husband kevin federline will take sean preston  and jayden james  beginning wednesday until further order of the court.
1734,1,a,i dreamt last night that i was a muffler... i woke up exhausted.
1735,1,a,my friend started jogging so he would live longer. he got hit by a bus and died the next day.
1736,1,a,a jewish kid... asks his dad to borrow  his dad replies with  dollars. what do you need  dollars for.
1737,0,a,ap - a woman who admitted strangling her four young children in an indiana basement was sentenced monday to life in prison without parole for each child is death.
1738,0,a,georgian political scientist giorgi margvelashvili said that while georgia has been a democracy up until now he worries it will become a police state where people will be put into prison as a matter of policy.
1739,1,a,what do you moan in cleveland when you are close to orgasm o-hi-o
1740,1,a,my wife says im a clueless idiot. i did not even know i had a wife.
1741,0,a,a russian soyuz spacecraft carrying malaysia is first astronaut muszaphar shukor an orthopaedic surgeon as well as a us astronaut and a russian cosmonaut blasted off to rendezvous with the international space station yesterday.
1742,1,a,dream girl -tall -skinny -can pull off wearing a hat -honest -a fan of the theater -abolished slavery -is abraham lincoln
1743,1,a,diet tip your pants will never get too tight if you do not wear any.
1744,0,a,ridley scott is hard-hitting denzel washington thriller american gangster dropped a place to third with . million for a three-week total of  million dollars.
1745,0,a,needing only to finish in th place or better the formula one-bound frenchman won sunday is lexmark indy  to clinch his fourth straight champ car drivers title.
1746,1,a,[aquarium exit] excuse me maam would you mind opening your bag i beg your pardon. open your bag opens bag and reveals two penguins
1747,0,a,the two parties doubled their total seats to  between them.
1748,1,a,my sex life is like a ferrari. i do not have a ferrari.
1749,0,a,the rest he says is still needed but will have to come later.
1750,1,a,i bet gay people really hate it when their gps tells them to continue straight.
1751,0,a,statement by white house deputy press secretary scott stanzel
1752,0,a,cyprus has stopped all exports of meat dairy and livestock banned slaughters and imposed restrictions on animal movement.
1753,1,a,it would be cool if a firetruck was like an ice cream truck and just drove around selling fire to kids.
1754,0,a,fewer though --  percent -- have taken at least two of these steps at least once each.
1755,0,a,but miami came roaring back.
1756,0,a,the executive director of the new york chapter of the institute for architects fredric m. bell wondered if the problem was something as simple as the quarter-inch gap between the door and the stall.
1757,1,a,what do you call a disabled lego an o.
1758,1,a,i want to write in my resume how experienced i am in burning bridges... link i do not have anybody to use as a reference.
1759,1,a,what is the quickest way to kill  mexicans blow up their car.
1760,1,a,nsfw why did god invent yeast infections so women also will know what it is like to live with an annoying cunt.
1761,1,a,what time does sean connery get to wimbledon tennish
1762,1,a,my wife caught me looking at a seagull at the beach so now we are in this big fight.
1763,1,a,you said this horse could jump as high as a ten foot fence and he can not jump at all. well neither can a fence.
1764,0,a,i hit one serve at mph which i’ve not done before.
1765,0,a,a turkish soldier was killed tuesday when he stepped on a mine believed to have been planted by kurdish rebels near the southeastern city of bingol local authorities said.
1766,1,a,i feel like all bears are bad news bears. i have never seen a bear and was like oh he looks like he has good news for us lets stick around
1767,0,a,shayne graham kicked field goals of  and  yards in the second for cincinnati.
1768,0,a,the child almost immediately went into the care of foster mother betty brown and remained there until michelle johnson took her to kansas city while looking for work.
1769,1,a,a woman walks in on the janitor using the women is washroom... what are you doing in here the men is room is filthy
1770,0,a,qazi hussain ahmed head of a six-party coalition of islamist opposition parties said the latest move could destabilise pakistan by discrediting the election commission. © copyright press association ltd  all rights reserved.
1771,1,a,what was the poltergeist arrested for at the campground possession within tent
1772,0,a,art miami
1773,1,a,what do you call a broken boomerang a stick
1774,0,a,countrywide said it would reach out to borrowers who are current on their loans but are facing an imminent rate reset to discuss options.
1775,1,a,what did the spy say at the glass beach the coast is clear
1776,0,a,bush however predicted the economy would get through the financial crisis and urged patience.
1777,0,a,it has not announced terms of a severance agreement with her.
1778,1,a,to brighten your day link
1779,1,a,q. governor what would you say if trump picked you as his running mate christie i will close down that bridge when i get to it.
1780,0,a,the big news from milan this week was the appointment of lars nilsson formerly of bill blass and nina ricci as the line’s creative director.
1781,1,a,expecting an idiot to admit they are wrong feels a lot like trying to put socks on an octopus.
1782,0,a,jiang formerly also the head of the ruling party and the nation is military was an enthusiastic backer of the theatre when it was approved by the central government in .
1783,1,a,there are  kinds of people...  the ones who know binary  the ones who does not know binary  and the ones who taught that this joke was in binary...
1784,1,a,why is the ferguson police department a fan of pokemon because you gotta catch jamal
1785,0,a,kanye west had stronger for a best record choice but he’s voided in best song since he only samples and doesn’t compose his records.
1786,1,a,what do you call a fuzzy philosopher bearistotle im so sorry
1787,0,a,she is completely distraught.
1788,1,a,i tried to shuffle a pile of ibuprofen i guess drug dealing just is not for me.
1789,0,a,associated press writers elizabeth a. kennedy tom maliti and tom odula contributed to this report.
1790,0,a,the fanciest town houses condominiums and estates from manhattan to greenwich routinely cost more than  million.
1791,1,a,i was gonna go on a double date the other day... but in the end i could not find three other people to go with me.
1792,1,a,a black guy willing to hold a frisbee smile and sit on some grass with white kids can make a career out of appearing in college brochures.
1793,1,a,well america actually did it it trumped brexit.
1794,1,a,i do not understand. i have stared at you from a distance multiple times throughout the year. how would you not know i was in love with you
1795,0,a,soldiers and armed police were deployed near some major monasteries with truckloads of barbed wire barricades waiting nearby.
1796,1,a,just because i am an italian american does not mean my family is in the mob.... it means we used to be.
1797,0,a,let is write
1798,1,a,what do you call your creepy jewish neighbor diddler on the roof.
1799,0,a,i would like to fulfill my responsibilities to the people by further advancing reforms with renewed determination with the remorse based on the harsh election results and the resolve to fight for the people.
1800,1,a,what is the best thing about a blowjob the five minutes of peace and quiet
1801,1,a,what brand of underwear do zombies wear haaaaaannnnnneeeeeessssss
1802,1,a,man who run behind truck... get exhausted.
1803,1,a,today a fortune cookie told me that every exit is an entrance long story short my girlfriend said no.
1804,1,a,i thinks it cool when x girlfriend becomes xl girldfriend.
1805,0,a,and presidente beer a dominican import has moved from uptown bodegas to downtown bars.
1806,1,a,who let the cats out mew. mew. mew. mew. who let the cats out mew. mew. mrrroow. hsssss. mrrroow. hsssss. fuck. hes an inside cat.
1807,0,a,let your creditor know in advance if you will not be able to make your monthly payment on time.
1808,0,a,he makes little effort to provide any context or even secure any interviews about lagerfeld from his colleagues or contemporaries.
1809,0,a,instead he has divided it with one move after another — trips to africa at taxpayer expense his conversion to islam his reaching out to venezuela’s anti-american president.
1810,0,a,unsurprising as it is a scene dominated by american stars and infused with us culture.
1811,0,a,a sikh girl who was suspended from school when she refused to remove a religious bracelet is to take legal advice in an effort to overturn the decision.
1812,1,a,ambien remember the time we picked a fight with gary is garden gnome chugged a jar of mayonnaise and passed out naked in arby is parking lot
1813,0,a,it is about time we actually treat women equally in the united states of america as a moral matter and matter of equality under the law.
1814,1,a,larry page is note to himself when wife mentions she wants motorola she means phone.
1815,0,a,dr. andrew iwach from the american academy of ophthalmology said the group is survey found many startling statistics.
1816,1,a,dear sleep i know we had problems when i was younger but now i love you.
1817,1,a,the only thing worse than girls going after the bad boy is today is perception of what a bad boy is.
1818,0,a,who knew al gore would one day thank the supreme court for their judgment
1819,1,a,what is black and sits on top of a staircase stephen hawking in a house fire.
1820,0,a,job opening for attorney general with credibility
1821,0,a,and in october  therese szelugowski  died weeks after falling and hitting her head after she was mugged.
1822,1,a,im more comfortable hearing my five-year-old repeat swear words in public than i am hearing him say uh-oh. from another room.
1823,1,a,why did ted cruz is father assassinate jfk to get to the other side.
1824,0,a,always best care senior services will be there at the senior is side throughout the transition process.
1825,0,a,plus suri’s swanky tea party keira knightley goes off on newspapers
1826,1,a,why was epsilon afraid of zeta because zeta ate a theta
1827,1,a,my son has stolen my ipad to play minecraft. please retweet this so the notifications disrupt his playing.
1828,1,a,knock knock who is there . brighton . brighton who  brighton-der the light of the moon .
1829,0,a,even as the bush administration reviews aid to pakistan in light of gen. pervez musharraf is declaration of emergency rule last weekend u.s. military officials are moving forward with the plan -- ordering equipment surveying training facilities outside islamabad and preparing to send in dozens of additional military trainers who are expected to begin arriving early next year.
1830,1,a,that awkward moment when you check the price tag and then slowly walk away.
1831,1,a,my cousin asked if i wanted to hold her baby and i told her i have ringworm
1832,1,a,what is the difference between a microwave and a muslim a microwave does not blow up every time the timer goes off.
1833,0,a,the men are due to appear at belfast magistrates court.
1834,1,a,older brother hooray. school is out. im free. im free. younger brother so what im four.
1835,0,a,ahmadinejad lambasted at ivy debate
1836,0,a,the airline is scheduled to receive its first - er later this month when the airplane will fly direct on a ferry flight from seattle to doha qatar.
1837,0,a,on the outer fringes of the throng around benazir bhutto that night in larkana eight years ago were the local villagers who had somehow blagged their way in.
1838,1,a,jesus remember disciples everything the light touches is god is kingdom judas um is not that from the lion king jesus glares at judas
1839,1,a,the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was not letting his friends and family know he was good with computers.
1840,1,a,did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine he had nothing left to chauffeur it.
1841,1,a,beauty is in the eye of the tiger.
1842,1,a,impractical joke replace my girlfriends house cat is with mountain lions so she think is she is shrinking.
1843,1,a,since ghandi walked barefoot and ate a diet giving him bad breath he was... a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
1844,0,a,we run marathons.
1845,0,a,high prices encourage conservation measures and investment in alternative energy sources which reduces demand for crude.
1846,0,a,they at least have that much respect.
1847,1,a,you have heard of memes... link now there is youyou is
1848,0,a,she was shot accidentally by her brother kasha  at their home where their mother had hidden the gun.
1849,0,a,whatever the treatment patients recovered at the same rate.
1850,0,a,it always occurred to me that david beckham was a rather more likeable personality than the sneering press coverage made out but also a much lesser footballer.
1851,0,a,the two have worked together on several films including bottle rocket rushmore and the royal tenenbaums for which they were nominated for a best screenplay oscar.
1852,1,a,will you marry me no marry christmas.
1853,0,a,parliament in turkey votes to allow iraq incursion
1854,1,a,maybe that neighbor without a wi-fi password is not an idiot. maybe he is generous. and an idiot.
1855,1,a,drink like a fish and you will never feel like a fish out of water socially. you might look like one but you will never feel like one...
1856,1,a,if wrestlers have biceps and bodybuilders have triceps what do surgeons have forceps i hate my shit life
1857,0,a,leifer is a writer and co-executive producer of rules of engagement a cbs comedy.
1858,1,a,can everyone please stop making political posts you are never going to be able to make anything funnier than reality.
1859,0,a,fortunately the consensus view on wall street is chances are slim that oil will surpass  a barrel and stick for any length of time.
1860,1,a,my mate just phoned me to tell me he had changed his name by deed poll to spinal column. can i call you back i asked.
1861,0,a,brian griese threw the go-ahead touchdown to tight end desmond clark with  left.
1862,0,a,professor orr said queen is would welcome more applications for its mental health nursing courses.
1863,0,a,but the concern is that students rely on calculators too much.
1864,1,a,what did the pirate day on his th birthday aye matey.
1865,1,a,did you know diarrhea is inherited it runs in your genes.
1866,0,a,venoco is full-year  forecast for production expenses is . per boe excluding transportation expenses and production and property taxes and for general and administrative expenses is . per boe excluding estimated sfas r expenses.
1867,0,a,qia paid  kronor per share for its stake in omx  a hefty premium to the  kronor paid by nasdaq and dubai is  kronor.
1868,1,a,[mysoginistic joke] what is the definition of the perfect woman four feet tall fold back teeth flat head so you can rest your beer on it and turns into a pizza at midnight.
1869,0,a,olmert has said the transaction was handled properly.
1870,1,a,yo mama so poor she was in k-mart with a box of hefty bags. i said what ya doin she said buying luggage.
1871,0,a,beginning with illegal trade in endangered species and moving on to the triple threat of growing consumption unchecked pollution and global warming planet in peril outlines the biggest dangers.
1872,0,a,the total investments reached . billion dhs. billion over the entire  compared with . billion dhs. billion in .
1873,0,a,my critics never seemed to get to grips with that she explained.
1874,0,a,he added no one wanted it.
1875,0,a,the rate was  deaths per  men in that age group in .
1876,1,a,a man goes to a psychiatrist... link he is holding a duck by the belly. the psychiatrist asks can i help you the guy responds idunno. i have just been feeling down.
1877,0,a,bob docherty a fire safety consultant said firefighters were used to risking their lives by going into huge unpredictable blazes.
1878,1,a,which african dictator extorts flying insects robert mug-a-bee
1879,1,a,so i was having sex with this girl.. when suddenly she asks me does not it bother you that im  so i replied not really i have never been superstitious
1880,1,a,what is a . a  ruined by a period.
1881,1,a,how do you count cows with a cowculator.
1882,1,a,q what would you call an arab who owns a harem of cows a a milk sheik.
1883,0,a,she would nearly paid off the two-bedroom phoenix condo she had bought for  in .
1884,0,a,we think that at this point we really need to be making more progress toward that resolution and that we need to make that diplomacy much more rigorous he told reporters.
1885,0,a,i guarantee we win next week hart said.
1886,1,a,[wife enters as im doing the worm] wife wth are you doing me it is not what it looks like. worm who the hell is she.
1887,1,a,i am a professional counterfeiter. i even have the certificates to prove it.
1888,0,a,azuz and another thing those three have in common
1889,0,a,sco based in lindon utah sued i.b.m. for copyright infringement in .
1890,0,a,.m - the funding they raised in  to start google
1891,0,a,but a study by panorama and the five live report of some  court hearings found that lenders who specialise in such mortgages or offer them as part of their business comprise over  of repossession cases.
1892,1,a,i took my wife to hawaii for our th wedding anniversary. you know what i did for our th went back and got her.
1893,1,a,i feel sorry for justin bieber. he is had to go to every justin bieber concert.
1894,1,a,as a german i have concerns about the european soccer championship... last time it did not end well when we sent a couple boys to france to defeat all of europe.
1895,0,a,no no she said when asked on cbs’s face the nation whether her husband would have any policy-making role in her white house.
1896,0,a,some scholars believe it is the grades that are biased.
1897,1,a,there are so many scams on the internet now days but for . i can show you how to avoid them.
1898,1,a,he is  months old.  your child is 
1899,1,a,did you hear about the drummer who fell and hit his head he was percussed.
1900,0,a,my philosophy in sports is you do not break things up.
1901,0,a,ireland have managed only one bonus point from their two victories and their points difference of plus- looks insignificant next to their two main rivals who they play next.
1902,0,a,the next short-term question is whether that euphoric reaction will stick around all day and help reverse some of yesterday’s declines.
1903,0,a,ignored for centuries documents about the heresy trial of the ancient christian order discovered in the vatican is secret archives are being published in a limited edition—with an  price tag.
1904,1,a,where does the cia buy its groceries whole foods
1905,1,a,what did the fish say when he swam into a wall dam..
1906,0,a,comedian meys gumar runs a talk show named obrah loosely based on oprah winfrey is u.s. show where she chats to fictitious guests including a minister of sectarianism who orders shiites and sunnis in the audience to sit separately.
1907,0,a,we haven’t positioned environmental attributes as aspirational as qualities that will make people who buy our shoes feel good about themselves.
1908,0,a,and he did.
1909,1,a,who took my username when i find you well you will be sorry.
1910,0,a,schulte said mattingly congratulated girardi and wished him well.
1911,0,a,employers study applicants personalities
1912,1,a,may the f... link be equal to mass times acceleration.
1913,1,a,what type of beer does a hemorrhoid enjoy pilesner
1914,0,a,associate professor james krogmeier co-director of purdue is center for wireless systems and applications said other features are being added.
1915,0,a,for further information contact tochi bains -- telephone -- e-mail link.
1916,0,a,mendoza was left with a deep gash in his kicking leg but later returned to the team.
1917,1,a,what did one ocean say to the other ocean nothing they just waved at each other.
1918,1,a,raise your hand if this is your first time under a helicopter. ah sorry to make an example of you johnson but that is why we never do that.
1919,1,a,joke how does a woman go about inventing a lightbulb she gives birth to a son.
1920,1,a,what did moses say when he wanted to see through his door let my peephole grow.
1921,0,a,parliament work has been marred by election rumors for months.
1922,1,a,after working a construction site in the blistering heat all summer it made me really miss my old gig. because  was an inside job.
1923,0,a,jack black lends his voice to the simpsons channel  at  as the owner of a comic book store who is luring customers away from curmudgeonly comic book guy.
1924,1,a,what is the definition of suspicion a nun doing push ups in a cucumber field.
1925,0,a,on the par- th hole stricker rolled in a -footer for birdie to tie choi for the lead.
1926,0,a,the best spots to retire
1927,1,a,i know i sound like a broken record but tomorrow i will sound like a misfiring engine and next week continuous loud television static.
1928,1,a,what did the alien say to the gas pump  do not you know its rude to stick your finger in your ear when im  talking to you .
1929,1,a,did you know canada was initially spelled cnd but when they pronounced it the word came out c-eh n-eh d-eh
1930,1,a,im starting to hate the u.s. government the nsa appears to be the only department which listens
1931,1,a,how long have i been working for this company ever since they threatened to fire me.
1932,1,a,what is gray and comes in quarts an elephant
1933,0,a,cyprus pounds can still be used for the first month but experts believe most will be out of circulation within  days with around  million pounds worth of notes set to be shredded and  million pounds in coins to be melted down.
1934,0,a,the dispute between apple and nbc universal over the pricing of videos on itunes grew more heated yesterday as apple announced that it would not add any new episodes of nbc television shows to the online store’s inventory.
1935,1,a,i used to be a phone sex worker... until i got hearing aids.
1936,0,a,customers traveling internationally are still required to check their bags  minutes prior to scheduled departure delta said.
1937,1,a,me can i have a batmobile santa be realistic. me ok pass my masters and get a good job santa i will leave the batmobile in the garage.
1938,0,a,one-in-ten commuters has a daily journey in excess of two hours and  per cent of employees are extreme commuters averaging three hours a day.
1939,0,a, - djibouti made an overseas territory within the french union with its own legislature and representation in the french parliament.
1940,1,a,i will not get a girl pregnant because i only have sex at night when my sperm is asleep.
1941,0,a,sometimes you feel so alone doing it all by yourself raising them trying to pass on the culture rita agugoesi said sitting in the living room near brian is suitcases which bulged with pringles peanut butter and shiny dress shoes.
1942,1,a,wanna hear a joke about potassium k
1943,1,a,what is the difference between five dicks and a joke your mom can not take a joke.
1944,1,a,they say men are  times as likely to be struck by lightning than women because lighting is  as likely to strike in the kitchen
1945,1,a,what do you call a vagina that talks back to you an answering cervix
1946,0,a,if you have missed that deadline it does not mean the hmrc will not work out your tax bill but there is no guarantee it will do so in time for you to pay by  january.
1947,1,a,i asked sean connery what game he was going to play with roger federer tomorrow and what time he was going to go he replied tennish
1948,0,a,like a choreographed fireworks display the pre-set timers in gordon brown is now abandoned election will still cause rockets to explode all the way through the next fortnight.
1949,0,a,we know what is happening we know what is causing it and we know what we have to do about it.
1950,0,a,in tonight’s episode it’s kenny who within minutes has set his underwear on fire.
1951,0,a,but every time insurgents blow up another bridge his ferry business gets busier.
1952,0,a,she said the improvements meant the cps would be working closely with the police and the courts to try to reduce adjournments to ensure that cases are ready at every court hearing and that trials are listed quickly.
1953,0,a,logo link
1954,0,a,the shuttle will carry up an italian-built live-in compartment about the size of a small bus that the astronauts will attach to the space station.
1955,1,a,im on a seafood diet. i see food and i eat it.
1956,0,a,oakland is in search of a dangerous hitter in the middle of its lineup and someone who would also put fans in the seats.
1957,1,a,brings sexy back. gets charged . in late fees.
1958,1,a,why can not women drive because there are not any roads from the bedroom to the kitchen.
1959,1,a,did you hear that a former us president bought out a convenience store chain bush did 
1960,0,a,mattingly was one of the three finalists for the vacancy created by the departure of torre last week before the yankees offered the job to former marlins manager joe girardi on monday.
1961,1,a,i told my dog to sit . . . . . . but he half-assed it.
1962,1,a,why did gg allin leave his own concert shit hit the fan
1963,1,a,why was the washing machine laughing because it was taking the piss out of the undies
1964,1,a,before you bludgeon to death that drifter who broke into your apartment and passed out on your futon ask yourself when did i buy a futon
1965,1,a,what is the best drink for a dog an old faschund.
1966,1,a,girl you remind me of a... insert insult here
1967,1,a,ca not we just sit and drink somewhere until they build a bar around us
1968,0,a,also contributing to the growth in average earning assets were increases of . billion in average trading account securities and . billion in average investment securities.
1969,0,a,he added i sleep clearly every night.
1970,0,a,a sea of demonstrators waving georgian flags packed into the main square in front of the east european country is parliament.
1971,1,a,what is the object of a jewish football game to get the quarter back.
1972,1,a,what happens if donald trump pulls out of the election he will be donald duck
1973,1,a,im no exorcist but i did scare the hell out of someone once.
1974,1,a,why did the man get dumber after he fixed the potholes in the road because he re-tarred it.
1975,0,a,she has decided that the difference could be chalked up to the nature of the space experience which is literally otherworldly.
1976,0,a,use a separate email account for your online shopping.
1977,1,a,i would date me. but mainly because i put out.
1978,0,a,even if you are house is not haunted it is easy to get caught up in the idea that it is thinking every bump and creak you hear is something ghostly.
1979,1,a,you know who hates unexpected visitors osama bin ladin
1980,0,a,this summer tyler port allowed his dog rossman to run loose in a park.
1981,1,a,i would just like to say a few words hat car tree river.
1982,0,a,the unit is shutdown leaves brazil without an effective enforcement tool for conditions in the cane fields the ministry says.
1983,1,a,if grandmas had an award ceremony what would it be called the grammy is
1984,1,a,election there was an election in new york.
1985,1,a,what is the difference between a hippo and a zippo one is really heavy and the other is a little lighter.
1986,0,a,it reiterated concern about the increased violent and terrorist activities by the taliban al-qaida illegally armed groups and those involved in the narcotics trade.
1987,1,a,ok what chemical symbol should we give this gold thief runs by steals gold hey. you. au got it. next element.
1988,1,a,what does a guy want more than anything in the world it does not matter. he has to ask his wife first.
1989,1,a,the coolest thing about dating mystique from the x-men is the unlimited free food samples she can get for you at costco.
1990,0,a,so please do it and do it well.
1991,0,a,it is because al fayed challenged justice baker is predecessor that the case is being heard by a jury rather than by a judge alone.
1992,1,a,what do you get when you sit under a cow a pat on the head.
1993,1,a,how does a muslim get a hot date he puts it in the microwave. edit looks like you guys are real dim....
1994,1,a,gets back at the birds by pooping on their bird houses
1995,0,a,aegis programs are structured around an older-adult model of care and include freedom through functionality a strength-training program featuring specially modified nautilus equipment.
1996,0,a,the  victims of april is campus massacre were honored in a heart-tugging pregame ceremony which was followed by an uninspiring performance on the field.
1997,1,a,if i could have back all the money i have spent on drugs and alcohol i would celebrate by buying more drugs and alcohol.
1998,1,a,how do you tittilate an ocelot oscillate its tit a lot.
1999,0,a,for other people it may be difficult.
2000,0,a,the national endowment for democracy is a private nonprofit bipartisan grant-making organization created in  to strengthen democratic institutions around the world.
2001,1,a,why did all the female pandas want to mate with that one male panda because he had the big bamboo.
2002,1,a,i have always wanted to start a brand of christian themed lollipops and call them catho-licks.
2003,0,a,mexico city sept.  — for the third time in three months saboteurs blew up several pipelines belonging to mexico’s state oil monopoly disrupting service to dozens of factories and briefly rattling financial markets officials said but not killing anyone.
2004,1,a,i told my girlfriend that brown rice was just white rice with a criminal record... link called me a riceist
2005,1,a,why did hitler prefer apples to oranges he did not like the juice.
2006,0,a,researchers studied two groups of children one group aged  months and the other  months.
2007,1,a,all ramen noodles come from one impossibly long noodle of disputed origins. no one knows how much is left or what will happen when it is gone
2008,1,a,two kinds of girls there are two kinds of girls in the world girls with big link girls that get in the way when im trying to look at em ..
2009,1,a,i feel like im not getting the full experience of a gas station bathroom if i do not cut and dye my hair and change my identity.
2010,1,a,french and wars why did the french have so many civil wars so they could win one.
2011,1,a,knock knock. whose there   who you said you would never forget.
2012,0,a,security guards hotel workers fans and photographers clamored and jockeyed for position at the mere rumor that spears would show up at the venetian hotel is gifting suite on saturday.
2013,1,a,i pulled up next to a tesla at a stoplight and asked him to rev the engine... i was shocked when he actually did it.
2014,1,a,french scientists announced that they can finally successfully clone a rat. thank goodness. this will solve the huge rat shortage.
2015,1,a,girl at bar my kids are my world.. me then why are you out drinking
2016,1,a,i always play jenga on a first date that way girls know my pull out game is strong
2017,1,a,what is the best way to catch a fish have someone throw it at you.
2018,1,a,i have lost  pounds. well i subtracted five for pms. that q-tip i was holding must be at least a pound. plus my hair was wet. go me.
2019,0,a,the building was one of those affected by the changes recommended in the s by the second vatican council which favoured a somewhat minimalist approach to the interior of catholic churches.
2020,0,a,injury-plagued outside-half jonny wilkinson after being sat on the sidelines for england is first two matches marked his first world cup appearance since kicking the winning drop-goal in the  final with a  point haul against samoa.
2021,0,a,it was announced earlier this month that he was to join investment bank morgan stanley as a senior managing director.
2022,1,a,you know you are getting old when you go to a new doctor... link part of the new patient exam is carbon dating.
2023,0,a,parents have got to monitor driving not just when their teen has a permit but after as well.
2024,0,a,serving as his own lawyer he contended that the women willingly lived at his cartersville homes because they wanted to train as pro wrestlers.
2025,1,a,my new girlfriend is a sandwich artist and she is really into roll play
2026,1,a,i have not talked to my wife in three weeks. i did not want to interrupt her.
2027,0,a,a reporter for an iraqi satellite television channel was kidnapped while on his way to work in central baghdad friday morning according to an iraqi journalists group.
2028,1,a,this skinny girl just told me she forgets to eat is that possible i just licked her face in case it is contagious.
2029,1,a,i am positive i can find a wrong way to eat a reese is i say as i begin drilling a hole directly into my stomach
2030,0,a,im just telling you i will.
2031,1,a,some subreddits what kind of subreddit dedicates itself to darkness and shadows no it is not rshadow [removed]
2032,0,a,damon who has a -year-old daughter isabella with bozan says all the campaigning by clooney and pitt had finally paid off.
2033,0,a,the deputy is the third broward deputy shot in the last three months.
2034,1,a,i really want to learn how to play the piano.. .. but it is not my forte.
2035,0,a,hamid ghassan a -year-old juice vendor who described hearing the blast said he was dismayed that al-maliki is government is sitting safe making agreements and lying to people while masses ... are being killed.
2036,1,a,i like to use the ouija board to pester my dead husbands.
2037,1,a,what is the most common question asked by iphone users does anyone have a charger i could use
2038,1,a,religion is like aids. keep it to yourself.
2039,1,a,excuse me im a little short on cash. mind if we shared a cab home
2040,1,a,i have a joke about time travel but you got it the first time. best told two or three days after making the recently posted i have a joke about time travel but you did not like it.
2041,1,a,how many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb link is this really obscure number. you have probably never even heard of it. no big deal.
2042,1,a,a wizard who likes to give zombies hickies is.. a neckromancer.
2043,0,a,armstrong aims to change that today when she will be the last woman down the ramp for an against-the-clock sprint over a .-mile course.
2044,0,a,seinfeld is haul was earned mostly from repeats of his self-titled s sitcom which he co-owned.
2045,0,a,as of thursday the book was no.  in sales on link and no.  on link
2046,0,a,by making precise observations of the timing of the pulses for seven years silvotti is team detected a giant gas planet in the system that was gravitationally tugging the star to and fro as seen from earth.
2047,0,a,there are several things bosses commonly do that often make employees angry and may trigger a violent outburst said hornstein.
2048,1,a,why was not cinderella good at sports because her coach was a pumpkin
2049,0,a,when nifong reports to jail at  a.m. next friday it will bring an end to the criminal case that began when a woman told police she was raped at a march  party thrown by duke is lacrosse team.
2050,0,a,he was fascinated by what pollock had called our lady the common law though he later became critical of the blemishes which marred the lady is beauty and did much to remove them by judicial surgery.
2051,0,a,if landis does not appeal he will be the first person in the -year history of the race to lose the title because of a doping offense.
2052,0,a,stomachs already full diners groaned then dug in as volunteer waiters distributed bowls of peach cobbler.
2053,1,a,whats the difference between a hippie on fire and a lifetime supply of patchouli i do not wish for a lifetime supply every time i smell patchouli.
2054,1,a,what do you tell a woman with two black eyes nothing. you already told her twice
2055,1,a,raise your hands... link you have ever had your arms torn off by a wookie.
2056,1,a,what batteries do turtles use durashells
2057,1,a,each year millions of innocent lives are lost when they accidentally board the wrong plane bound straight for the waiting mouth of a child.
2058,1,a,what do fat people wipe their butts with toilet paper.
2059,0,a,will contest turn nasty
2060,0,a,perennial christmas favorite it is a wonderful life sees habitual do-gooder george bailey jimmy stewart pulled back from the brink of despair by wannabe angel clarence.
2061,0,a,no one witnessed the brutal attack on miss mcdonnell.
2062,1,a,why do physicists have such a hard time figuring out why their experiments fail monday through thursday causal fridays.
2063,1,a,my snack did not taste very good. now im gonna hafta cleanse the palate w a large buffalo chicken pizza for lunch i know. life is tough.
2064,1,a,what do you call a mexican baptism bean dip.
2065,0,a,petrochina may become top company
2066,1,a,do you ever order a club sandwich just to feel like you are a part of something
2067,1,a,what is your favorite one or two line joke x-post from askreddit link there were some funny jokes in there
2068,0,a,knives recovered in safety purge
2069,1,a,a man once became addicted to cocaine from foreign countries. he spent all his money to travel and sample the evil drug in all parts of the world. thankfully he stopped once he hit the finnish line.
2070,0,a,still the chargers believe that by playing the houston texans—somewhere on sunday or monday—will fill a useful role for a community just beginning to sift through the ashes.
2071,1,a,why are boys faster than girls because they have ball bearings and a stick shift.
2072,1,a,if you love someone let them sleep.
2073,1,a,like it or not this joke is binary.
2074,1,a,if you want to go running with me you would better be prepared to walk a lot.
2075,1,a,what do you call someone who discriminates against certain groups of rappers a rapist.
2076,0,a,chlorine has been used in several truck bombings this year as suspected sunni insurgents sought new ways to kill as many people as possible in their campaign of violence.
2077,0,a,is fenton a coward
2078,1,a,please be patient...im fcuking things up as fast as i can.
2079,0,a,merkel said all members of the security council must be engaged on the issue and said that if talks with tehran do not yield any results further steps will have to be made.
2080,0,a,tusk favors lower taxes less bureaucracy and other market-oriented policies that he says will create an economic miracle.
2081,1,a,why does the easter bunny hide easter eggs he does not want anyone knowing he is been fucking the chickens.
2082,0,a,at fenway park he is -.
2083,0,a,we have always been non-smoking and it is the law now not to smoke but i believe certain hotels can have smoking rooms.
2084,0,a,miami sept.  upi -- hurricane felix a category  storm with  mph winds was just north of bonaire aruba and curacao sunday the national hurricane center in miami reported.
2085,0,a,the development facilities in phase ii include one productionprocessing platform one gas plant one gas compression processing platform and three sub-sea pipelines.
2086,0,a,a suspect leonardo grullon  has been charged with attempted murder in connection with the shooting.
2087,0,a,following the investigation into the death of ethel hall an order was obtained from the coroner for the exhumation of mrs bourke is body.
2088,1,a,i think the most pressing question for the pope should be so like after pm in the vatican what do you do just like sit in there
2089,0,a,llp is a registered trademark of national semiconductor corporation.
2090,1,a,what is the difference between hillary and a piece of fruit [deleted]
2091,0,a,it is something that parents can get pride out of and perhaps make money at said grant evans a professor of anthropology at the university of hong kong.
2092,1,a,i want to pass away peacefully in my sleep like my grandpa did. not screaming in a car crash like the passengers in his car.
2093,0,a,steve ellis taxpayers for common sense
2094,0,a,no date for an election has been set.
2095,1,a,twitter has a very high school class where the teacher had to leave the room for a few minutes vibe
2096,0,a,guevara is detractors however still see him as a dangerous and deluded terrorist.
2097,1,a,just got a gift for my dog. i bought my dog a cute toy from the pet shop and she immediately broke it. i demanded my money back but the manager said they will not refund a dead hamster.
2098,1,a,what is the difference between a hungry girl and a horny girl where she puts the cucumber.
2099,0,a,also staying in the top tier were we own the night at seventh with . million and the heartbreak kid at th with . million.
2100,0,a,among her theories neighborhood crews are having more violent flare-ups and criminals are using assault rifles and other guns with more firepower.
2101,0,a,if it’s open stop inside for a sense of the hotel’s former grandeur.
2102,0,a,with wording that takes the two koreas further down the road to peace than they have ever been the declaration included the line the south and north shared the view that they should end the current armistice regime and establish a permanent peace regime.
2103,0,a,she and three other tsu employees were indicted a few months later for their roles in the misspending.
2104,0,a,the move against bhutto further harmed prospects for a bhutto-musharraf alliance that washington has been pushing for.
2105,0,a,through oct. .
2106,0,a,renewable energy
2107,1,a,my phone died doing what it loves dying.
2108,0,a,one of the huge frustrations for parents of milk-allergic children is that they will typically find that someone with peanut allergy gets lots of respect and lots of precautions taken and the same respect is almost impossible to get for milk allergy wood says.
2109,1,a,what do you do with a rhinoceros with  balls you walk him and pitch to the giraffe.
2110,0,a,managing director hossein nawab to islamabad for talks on the struggling peace pipeline project.
2111,0,a,a -year-old man was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after his motorbike collided with a lorry in west berkshire.
2112,1,a,they say alcohol cures everything but that is a lie... it still has not cured my alcoholism.
2113,0,a,after the helicopters passed over kent island another e-mailer wrote that he had a clear sighting of a flight of two marine helicopters directly overhead descending through  feet i am a pilot so this is an informed estimate at  p.m. about  yards from the inn at perry is cabin in st. michaels.
2114,0,a,it turns out many resent they have to do more work he said.
2115,0,a,newspaper publishers must have licences from the ministry of information.
2116,1,a,i entered ten puns into a pun contest. guess how many won no pun in ten did. 
2117,0,a,it’s a place we go so often that when my wife katherine and i walk in the door at chakra the hostess simply points to our table or where the rest of our party is waiting at the bar for a pre-dinner cocktail.
2118,0,a,it sounds fantastic said dr. melvin spigelman research and development director for the nonprofit global alliance for tb drug development in new york.
2119,1,a,what is the difference between jesus and a prostitute the looks on their faces while you are nailing them.
2120,1,a,adobe ceo is house like the new couch hun update it. what about the wallpap... update it all. you are scaring the ki... update them too...
2121,1,a,looks like im going to need to have the drug talk with my daughter because this ecstasy she sold me is not working.
2122,0,a,at least  birds have been found dead and more than  oiled birds have been captured alive and taken to a wildlife care center in solano county to be cleaned and rehabilitated.
2123,0,a,germany led the home team - but a violent stomach upset saw haas pull out of the reverse singles which were both won by the home team.
2124,1,a,happy national alienate several friends by calling one friend your best friend day.
2125,1,a,on my tax form i checked the single box but added and looking.
2126,1,a,what did the child with no arms get for christmas gloves. just kidding he has not opened it yet.
2127,0,a,it is some of the best investment literature out there by one of the best mutual-fund experts on deep value investing he said.
2128,0,a,and they are trying to collect money to return to syria — a goal made more uncertain by new visa requirements imposed by damascus.
2129,1,a,what do pickles do to make themselves look more beautiful they get vlasic surgery
2130,1,a,cop do you know why i pulled you over me adjusts beer helmet no
2131,1,a,did you hear about the man in camo underpants nobody saw him coming.
2132,1,a,grad school because it is better than saying im still looking.
2133,0,a,mining companies rose in european trading as gold prices continued to strengthen.
2134,1,a,my husband says shaving his legs gives him an advantage when cycling but i do not get how the high heels and pantyhose help.
2135,1,a,what did the urban dog say to the other urban dog wad up dawg
2136,0,a,when the republicans held their nominating convention in new york city in  the party swathed itself in sept.  imagery and mr. giuliani gave a speech that mixed his experiences that day with a broadside attack on the democratic nominee senator john kerry.
2137,1,a,my ex girlfriend was like a pile of shit. always had a thousand eyes on her.
2138,0,a,it was like you had celebrity status only if you got in at ground zero recalled brian jordan a franciscan priest who spent long hours in lower manhattan in the weeks after two hijacked planes struck the towers.
2139,0,a,shortly before hu is seattle visit the chinese government had issued a decree requiring all personal computers manufactured in china to come with a licensed operating system before leaving the factory gates.
2140,1,a,if you fall i will be there. love the floor.
2141,0,a,the serbian position has been that kosovo could have more than autonomy but less than independence citing hong kong as an example.
2142,0,a,comparing the second and third groups allowed dr. smith to tease apart the causes of the problems that arise from fragmented sleep were they because of the short total sleep time or because of the disrupted nature of the sleep
2143,1,a,why did bach have to sell his organ a because he was baroque.
2144,1,a,i was feeling depressed. . i was feeling depressed so i went to the doctor to get a blood test. a week later he called me back with the results and said b positive it is in your blood.
2145,0,a,the troubles at st. christopher’s certainly did little to damage mr. medina’s stature.
2146,0,a,he had also been linked with the ireland job and had been an outsider to replace mcclaren as england manager.
2147,0,a,avian flu vaccine protective but only at high doses
2148,1,a,is your refrigerator running because if so i will probably vote for it.
2149,0,a,suspicious refunds on gandhi is tax tenure millions in checks raise questions
2150,0,a,stevie wonder performed for guests who included sidney poitier forest whitaker chris rock cindy crawford jimmy connors linda evans dennis haysbert and others.
2151,0,a,jim and karen allen went out several times with rescue crews but stayed only for brief periods so they could be ready to go to their son when needed said stadelman.
2152,1,a,what is an astronaut is favorite power tool an orbital sander
2153,0,a,that could be the yankees this season with hughes and kennedy to back up the big four.
2154,1,a,if i ever die im going to be so mad about all the times i ate kale.
2155,1,a,just ate the last slice of pizza and i wish there was more. suddenly all of taylor swifts songs make sense to me.
2156,1,a,want to hear a joke about jonestown nevermind the punchline is too long.
2157,1,a,how do you find will smith when he is lost in the snow you look for the fresh prints.
2158,1,a,an englishman an irishman and a welshman all walk into a bar the barman looks up at them shakes his head and says is this some kind of a joke
2159,1,a,whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute a rooster goes cockle-doodle-doo and and a prostitute goes any cock will do
2160,0,a,and then he will give it to me.
2161,0,a,additional information about the aana is available on the internet at link
2162,1,a,out of all the children is stories goldilocks is the most ridiculous. how is someone just gonna fall asleep while committing a felony smh
2163,1,a,if i were a scooby doo villain i would take the whole thing to court. how hard can it be to overturn the testimony of  kids who talk to a dog
2164,0,a,canada skipper morgan williams was outraged by the decision to rule out the pyke try.
2165,0,a,several family members worried that zuccotti park just southeast of ground zero would be too small to accommodate the thousands of people.
2166,0,a,it is thought snp ministers will say they want to look more at prevention than the former labour-liberal democrat coalition at holyrood.
2167,0,a,two boston firefighters were killed in the line of duty due to a violent building explosion he added.
2168,1,a,and before bros churros.
2169,1,a,do you know what the th and th letters of the alphabet spell no. _______________________ you are exactly right.
2170,0,a,the airport was reported busy but calm as tourists got on flights.
2171,1,a,my favourite joke at the moment... how do you get an elephant in to a plastic bag first you take the t out of tesco what do you get esco. then you take the f out of weigh what do you get
2172,1,a,what is arnold schwarzenegger is favorite kind of jacket a pullover.
2173,0,a,median technologies lesion management solutions set the trend in diagnostic oncology imaging at rsna 
2174,1,a,what did the black eyed peas say when they left the dentist i got a filling woo-hoo.
2175,1,a,british men is visiting australia. learn the man at customs asks him do you have a criminal record the british man replies i did not think you would need one to get into australia any more.
2176,0,a,but progress across the sustainable value networks has been uneven.
2177,1,a,what is the best way to remove a grass stain alcohol i do not see how getting drunk will help but whatever.
2178,1,a,did you see the president of russia doing magic tricks outside he was really putin on a show
2179,0,a,bolivia is president evo morales called capitalism the worst enemy.
2180,0,a,i will not be coming back read the note from spc.
2181,0,a,under the current law all physically fit south korean men aged  to  must serve at least two years in the military.
2182,0,a,simpson either wanted to confront fromong or beardsley in the room or he wanted to wait in the lobby while two of the men went to scope out the loot simpson either knew that some of the men with him were armed or he did not.
2183,1,a,taught my grandmother that jabroni means fine young man and it is made our time out in public way more interesting.
2184,1,a,did you hear about the mexicans that robbed the train museum i do not know why they did it but they must have had a pretty loco motive.
2185,0,a,roselyn bryant  of cincinnati does not face any of the health risks but still is glad that the bank where she works in the mail department does not charge for them.
2186,0,a,pvm is ul-haq cautioned that even if opec agreed to boost output this week it takes time before this oil reaches refiners and could take  days or longer to hit markets.
2187,1,a,usain bolt the fastest man in the world can run almost mph. that means if were to run in a neighborhood he could get pulled over by the link being black.
2188,1,a,what is the correct way to refer to an op who resides in europe the continental op.
2189,0,a,we asked full start to sign off that there are no sweatshop conditions involved and no children and that they abide by chinese law.
2190,1,a,whats long and green and smells like pork kermit the frogs finger.
2191,0,a,we all hoped for a miracle ... but unfortunately that was not possible carreras said.
2192,1,a,what do astronauts put on their toast space jam.
2193,0,a,but sarkozy also ruffled feathers in chad by vowing shortly afterwards in what was seen as imperious fashion to also repatriate those who stayed behind.
2194,1,a,what did the afraid triangle say to the circle that was about to beat him up im very squared.
2195,0,a,credibly sourced they referred to a tentative list of taleban demands including the release of prisoners control of ten southern provinces and a timetable for the withdrawal of foreign troops.
2196,1,a,why did lebron change his name to ebron because the cavaliers toke the l
2197,0,a,july   - president bush may be trying to rally support for his strategy in iraq but his efforts are not faring well with the american public according to the latest newsweek poll.
2198,1,a,anal with my girl friend made my whole week... it also made her hole weak
2199,1,a,it is summer. yay. no more school shootings.  american children.
2200,1,a,seriously considering have boobs will travel as my new bio for everything. it is a good life.
2201,1,a,what makes a good stalin joke the execution.
2202,0,a, a failure by firearms officers to satisfy themselves that a positive identification of mr de menezes as the suspect had been made by the surveillance officers
2203,0,a,there are two theories — the social provision theory which basically is about what other people do for you in a tangible material sense.
2204,0,a,in the end i feel very lucky that it happened she said of the original scan.
2205,0,a,the community choice act s.   h.r.  amends title xix of the social security act to provide people with disabilities and older americans with equal access to community-based attendant services and supports.
2206,0,a,persons on message boards implying otherwise may be doing so for their own financial gain at the expense of others.
2207,1,a,if you are attacked by a group of clowns... go for the juggler.
2208,1,a,what piece of furniture can you find in a gay frat house a bromosectional
2209,0,a,but that position was viewed as lacking clout and independence and in  partly in response to the iran-contra affair congress created an independent inspector general at the agency appointed by the president and reporting to both the director and to congress.
2210,1,a,how do you know if someone is a socialist do not worry they will tell you.
2211,0,a,all of these people have gotten the runaround from the state department mr. adams said.
2212,0,a,at the national transportation safety board the death toll has not gone unnoticed because it is now larger than the number of deaths in airplane marine railroad and pipeline accidents combined.
2213,1,a,yo mama mouth so big she speaks in surround sound.
2214,1,a,what did the mexican firefighter call his two sons jose and hose-b
2215,1,a,what did the father buffalo say to his boy as he was leaving for college bi son dangit not sure how i tagged it dirty. submitted on my phone through baconreader
2216,1,a,what is the best part about fingering... what is the best part of fingering a psychic while she is on her period you still get your palm red
2217,0,a,in addition to her husband and her father ms. anderson is survived by her mother betty may o’brien of boulder colo. her stepmother ruth lipper and three brothers kenneth of westfield steven of new providence and donald of davis calif.
2218,0,a,mr. karamian  estimated that there were hundreds of feral cats across the airport.
2219,1,a,owls the worst thing about owls is the way that they can maintain eye contact when you put them in a microwave.
2220,0,a,toys r us stores are staying open till midnight every night until christmas eve.
2221,0,a,it was the rain.
2222,0,a,when pressed he conceded that an occasional piece is ok if you are a good brusher.
2223,0,a,he directed his budget director to explore how to erase what bush considers wasteful spending.
2224,1,a,why do teenage girls always hang out in odd numbers because they can not even.
2225,0,a,the global economy seems healthy he said and the federal reserve’s larger-than-expected cut in interest rates this week certainly left a better tone in all financial markets.
2226,0,a,we’ll see where he is and evaluate it on a day-to-day basis and move forward he said.
2227,1,a,what do you call little kids in belgium brusselsprouts
2228,1,a,i hate tacos. link no juan ever.
2229,1,a,dr watson asks sherlock holmes... holmes why are you spreading fruit juice on my buttocks lemon entry dear watson lemon entry
2230,1,a,sex is like cpr. two inches at  beats per minute.
2231,0,a,i have never done this before but i have been practising my short game a lot said lonard.
2232,1,a,baby monitors are magical when i turn it off my baby stops crying
2233,0,a,mindful of political backlash heading into the  elections the bush administration and democrats on capitol hill have been scrambling to help millions of homeowners at risk of losing their homes and looking for other ways to limit the fallout.
2234,1,a,that awkward moment when you stub your toe and accidentally summon the spirits of a thousand dead feet while you yell and curse
2235,1,a,grammar nazis really make me fuhrious. im sorry. that joke was really out of mein kampfort zone. anne frankly it was just bad.
2236,0,a,i had my after-wedding breakfast in this place.
2237,0,a,subs used n dymock a fisher r milne c cumming a dymock.
2238,0,a,such a move could help support action against counterfeiting in the industry which has exports worth more than £ billion to the scottish economy. © copyright press association ltd  all rights reserved.
2239,1,a,i find it funny when my husband brags about how big his penis is.... link was way bigger
2240,1,a,a great joke that only air conditioners will get. on second thought im not gonna say it. i can already tell you are not a fan.
2241,1,a,the real reason david beat goliath is that when david threw a rock goliath threw scissors.
2242,1,a,knock-knock... knock-knock who is there control freak - now you say control freak who 
2243,0,a,no new public phone booths have been put up in years officials said.
2244,0,a,you want to be noticed a little bit out in the graveyard.
2245,1,a,how do truckers contact each other in wisconsin they use a milwaukee-talkie
2246,1,a, hours but me trying to get my hand out of the pringles can
2247,0,a,gonzales talked about how he had lived the american dream.
2248,0,a,the expansive presidential powers claimed and exercised by the bush-cheney white house are now an immutable part of american history—not controversies but facts says savage.
2249,1,a,what is the most heinous disgusting perverse nsfw joke that you know
2250,0,a,uncertain the bill would pass pelosi on wednesday delayed a vote by several hours while she met with supporters and asked them to help her round up votes.
2251,1,a,my new years resolution is to quit doing dick jokes. it does limit my material though. it does makes link
2252,1,a,[soldier making lunch] now for some avocado [grabs grenade] oh oh if this is here then that means [cut to soldier taking cover for  hours]
2253,0,a,in many ways the internet is doing to the ticket industry what it did to the photo music and movie industries offering tools that shift some of the power back to the consumer.
2254,0,a,i start every day early with a frantic mix of waking sleepy bodies fastening school uniform buttons and porridge-making.
2255,1,a,if you have a pet parrot and do not teach it to say help they have turned me into a parrot you are wasting everyone is time.
2256,0,a,the tigers network mirrors the sophistication of the mini-state they have built in northern sri lanka.
2257,1,a,my grandma married  men named grover. i think she just had a thing for the name grover because she also married  women named grover
2258,0,a,the bush administration had its chance to reform social security and failed miserably said matthews.
2259,0,a,writers strike hits hollywood workers
2260,0,a,kashmir ceasefire
2261,0,a,a call seeking comment from mr. abdullahu’s lawyer the federal public defender richard coughlin was not immediately returned on friday.
2262,1,a,does anyone know any good groundhog day jokes because i keep hearing the same ones over and over
2263,1,a,if i were a bird you would be the first person i would shit on.
2264,0,a,baghdad iraq cnn -- a firefight broke out between u.s. troops and militants early sunday in baghdad is sadr city as coalition forces targeted a man they said was a leader in an iranian-funded kidnapping operation.
2265,1,a,what is the difference between a four year old and a bag of cocaine eric clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
2266,0,a,if you check yes they are not going to call you in for an interview.
2267,0,a,eight-time grand slam winner serena williams advanced to the us open quarter-finals and a possible showdown with top seed justine henin by beating france is th-seeded marion bartoli - - sunday.
2268,0,a,goscinny knew how i would draw and i knew what goscinny wanted me to draw albert uderzo
2269,1,a,thought of a chuck norris joke today. this user no longer exists.
2270,0,a,so it is a very noble mission that i have.
2271,1,a,this damn hurricane i would have thought that the country that invented the burrito could handle a bit of strong wind
2272,0,a,after a few hours’ waiting the policeman called cory was in custody and would be charged with attempted murder.
2273,1,a,god was not trying to get marry pregnant with jesus. turns out he was wearing a holey condom.
2274,1,a,i went to the zoo the other day there was only one dog in it it was a shitzu
2275,0,a,in other towns northeast of baghdad a policeman was killed and two others injured in khan bani saad and a civilian was killed and one wounded by random gunfire in khalis.
2276,1,a,what do you call a restaurant that sells food that contains weed mcbongald is
2277,1,a,when is the worst time to get cancer north of the equator.
2278,0,a,trouble was not the only four-legged mammal to be featured in the media this year.
2279,0,a,there is a lot you can do to look sexy without showing a lot of skin.
2280,0,a,and we ended up in the nfc championship game.
2281,1,a,the other day i sold someone a stale fish next day he came to my store and said you selfish and left... now i am not sure if i should have replied yes or sorry.
2282,1,a,who would still buy a note  after all the controversy a muslim
2283,1,a,how many college guys does it take to screw in a light bulb none they prefer natural light
2284,0,a,before the state’s program began close to  youths were housed in large institutions around connecticut by last month that number was down to close to .
2285,1,a,[someone kicks a dumpster out of anger] me from inside who is it
2286,1,a,why do mexican students act like they own the school because there mom cleans it and there dad fixed the roof
2287,0,a,could i see it
2288,1,a,how did one tire get the attention of another tire pssssssssssst
2289,1,a,i really love the way the earth rotates... it makes my day.
2290,0,a,as the credit crunch continues to bite families all over the country continue to lose homes in record numbers stripping families of their wealth and destroying entire neighbourhoods says michael calhoun of the center for responsible lending which tracks these issues.
2291,0,a,government officials have said that they plan to open a major offensive soon against the tigers’ northern mini-state in an effort to destroy the group.
2292,0,a,washington sept.  prnewswire-firstcall -- xm will be the new satellite radio home of the grand ole opry beginning in october it was announced today.
2293,0,a,the big questions over attendance are whether saudi arabia and syria will turn up.
2294,1,a,do you know the difference between camping and molestation no in that case do you want to go camping this weekend
2295,0,a,he will have all the extra digits surgically removed in a couple of weeks his mom said.
2296,1,a,a cowboy was shopping for a wiener dog some told him to get a long little doggy.
2297,0,a,at italian american gala it is just one big happy famiglia
2298,0,a,dozens trapped in australian mine
2299,1,a,so this is what it is like to grow up. fucking bullshit is what it is.
2300,0,a,he used to hang out in west coast junk shops cool-hunting.
2301,0,a,but there is no such thing as an untainted record if by tainted you mean it is tied up with the hopes fears paranoia racial prejudices mores and economic climate of the era in which it was set.
2302,0,a,u.s. rep. bobby jindal won the louisiana governor is race saturday becoming the nation is youngest governor and the first non-white to hold the state is post since reconstruction.
2303,0,a,for further information on the risks and uncertainties involved in the testing and development of transgene is product candidates see trangene is document de reference on file with the french autorite des marches financiers on its website at link and transgene is website at link
2304,1,a,today i threw a penny down the well and made a wish. that the police would never find penny is body.
2305,1,a,luke and obi-wan walk into a chinese restaurant. ten minutes into the meal luke is still having trouble with the chopsticks dropping food everywhere. obi-wan finally snaps use the forks luke.
2306,0,a,while listening to cds in stereo the ysp- sounded small.
2307,1,a,satyrs are awesome. the top half of a man. the bottom half of a goat. it is a dream come true for gay muslims.
2308,0,a,the timing also was politically potent.
2309,0,a,the egyptian stock exchange had crashed and the bank of england dispatched m in gold to bail it out.
2310,0,a,it does face direct competition this weekend with friday’s debut of the warner bros. holiday comedy fred claus starring vince vaughn as santa’s black-sheep brother and paul giamatti as st. nick.
2311,0,a,events hosted during this week in communities around the nation will give residents the information they need to find products and services they might need to continue to live in the home of their choice throughout retirement.
2312,1,a,i hate it when im on twitter and there is not a car behind me to honk when the light is green.
2313,1,a,cnt wait to dress up as a windmill for halloween its never a bad time to teach ppl about renewable energy sources lmao
2314,0,a,so why was i asking for a gun
2315,1,a,bratwurst sauerkraut cabbage potatoes cheese beetroot onions bread butter. schindler is mom is list.
2316,0,a,however attempting to resist the desire to eat chocolate only causes thoughts about chocolate to become more prominent consequently heightening the desire.
2317,0,a,nepal maoists quit government
2318,0,a,dr. levin urged the patient to reframe the dream and rehearse alternatives to swinging blades and frozen fear until finally the nightmares abated and the man could regain his footing.
2319,0,a,that version too used video projections to magnify joe’s reactions to what he was hearing but to far more resonant effect.
2320,0,a,machimura said the decision was in response to the crackdown and followed a u.n. statement condemning the violence.
2321,1,a,what do you call a group of  insects that live in a housing complex tenants
2322,0,a,if someone says ‘hey you are a first-day-of-the-draft-type guy and you can sign a contract without bouncing around.’
2323,1,a,do you know how jewish birds chirp cheap cheap cheap cheap.
2324,1,a,yo mama is like the gas station. pump and pay.
2325,1,a,if it was not for venetian blinds... it would be curtains for us all.
2326,1,a,how is liam neeson and an ionic bond alike they are always having something get taken.
2327,0,a,take cooking outside
2328,1,a,[in the back of the car imitating gps voice] in a half mile take a slight right. also put erics mixtape back on that was so good
2329,0,a, even more fabulous cook eggs as above.
2330,1,a,did you hear about the constipated mathematician he worked it out with a pencil...
2331,0,a,the des moines event is the second of seven national meetings being held to spotlight growing voter concern about the challenges facing american workers and manufacturers.
2332,1,a,if you are italian in the kitchen and russian in the hallway what are you in the bathroom european.
2333,1,a,why do birds suddenly appear every time you are near..... because your an asshole that is why dickweed
2334,0,a,why the difference
2335,1,a,every  seconds a woman gives birth to a baby. stop this woman
2336,0,a,did june ever leave that kitchen
2337,1,a,this could be the beginning of a beautiful restraining order.
2338,1,a,do not you hate people that answer their own questions  i know i do...
2339,0,a,conservative presbyterians leave church
2340,1,a,what religion does a drinking feline believe cat-holic
2341,1,a,how do you fit four gay guys on a bar stool get a really big bar stool.
2342,0,a,updated  p.m.
2343,0,a,manhunt after two shot in raid
2344,0,a,only  players finished the first round and there was no guarantee his  would hold up.
2345,0,a,it will also allow the creation of a stockpile of anti-tb drugs.
2346,1,a,why do not black people dream the last one who had a dream got shot.
2347,0,a,lancaster said medimmune expects to start shipping flumist at the end of this month.
2348,0,a,the worry will be that we may now have unidentified animals with fmd which are still yet to be discovered he said.
2349,1,a,i am still at a loss over hillary clinton is defeat and i emailed my consolations to her but never got a response do i need to call fbi to look into it
2350,1,a,i like my girls like han from star wars with a hairy wookie.
2351,1,a,how many contradictory germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb nein.
2352,0,a,the european parliament called for more legal immigration into the european union to tackle the problem of aging populations.
2353,1,a,why did silver have such a successful rap career he was truly ag.
2354,0,a,the e-mail tool is slightly less impressive.
2355,1,a,why did the clam get in an accident he was talking on his shellphone.
2356,0,a,asean foreign ministers meeting in new york condemned the junta is tactics and said they placed great stock in gambari is mission.
2357,1,a,what do a mystic and a hot dog vendor have in common they will both make you one with everything.
2358,0,a,liberty counsel at link
2359,1,a,if you want to get your beer cold out in the wilds look for the cool ants.
2360,0,a,the british government is collaborating with odyssey to recover the warship thought to be the hms sussex which went down in a storm off gibraltar in the mediterranean sea in .
2361,0,a,mr. smith drew his texts from tape-recorded interviews with immigrants who had passed through ellis island in their youths.
2362,1,a,dead baby joke what the difference between a pile of dead babies and a pile of sand i do not eat sand.
2363,0,a,c ganguly b harbhajan
2364,0,a,there should always be corroborative evidence.
2365,1,a,why was the little shoe sad [his father is a loafer.] link im here all night
2366,0,a,but he would not say whether his prosecutors put vick is federal court admission that he killed dogs before the grand jury.
2367,1,a,what did the doctor say to the angry midget im going to ask you to be a little patient.
2368,1,a,monica lewinski released a statement that said she would be voting for donald trump the last clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth
2369,0,a,forcing vehicles to slow down has become a priority for the community residents say especially because large trucks traveling along interstate  often detour through rowayton to avoid highway tie-ups.
2370,1,a,mean people tell me you have got a face only a mother could love but the joke is on them because she did not
2371,0,a,he anticipated that musharraf who recently suspended the constitution for six weeks could take drastic steps.
2372,0,a,sixty years on they would be proved right.
2373,0,a,movies rock magazine will accompany the december subscriber issues of  conde nast magazines. © copyright press association ltd  all rights reserved.
2374,0,a,north of the capital in diyala province a roadside bombing killed an american soldier tuesday the u.s. command said.
2375,1,a,there is a hole in the nudist camp wall... the police are looking into it.
2376,0,a,the north is taekwondo demonstration team made its first-ever visit to the u.s. in september and officials from the new york philharmonic visited pyongyang in october to consider a possible concert there next year.
2377,0,a,the koreans were - up with just over  minutes to play before two-time champions the united states scrambled an equaliser to ensure they took a point in what is considered the toughest group of the tournament.
2378,0,a,each of the new expensive rangers will be judged by how the season ends not by how it starts.
2379,0,a,not at all he said when asked whether it would be a factor in the race.
2380,1,a,to weigh  kilos and say that you are fat that is so female...
2381,1,a,i do not need anyone with a so-called degree to tell me i use quotes wrong.
2382,1,a,what do you call a communist hip-hop musician mc hammer and sickle.
2383,1,a,i overdosed on viagra once it was the hardest day of my life
2384,1,a,doctor doctor i think im a  butterfly will you say what you mean and stop flitting about.
2385,1,a,i just axed this dude what kind of body spray he was wearing.
2386,1,a,these days hd is so good when you watch an nfl game you can see the murder evidence.
2387,0,a,while only  percent of serious mrsa infections are the community associated kind they have drawn attention in recent months with a spate of reports in schools including the death of a -year-old virginia high school student.
2388,1,a,if our feet had mouths then they would be walkie talkies.
2389,1,a,what do you call a gay dinosaur megasoreass
2390,0,a,publisher mcclatchy will take q charge
2391,1,a,did you hear microsoft have started giving away office free to parents word to your mother.
2392,0,a,the campaign here also is expected to get ugly and possibly personal with negative messages flooding mailboxes radio and tv.
2393,1,a,i wanted to have dinner before pm. so i told my wife that i absolutely needed it by pm.
2394,1,a,next time i see a dead deer on the side of the road im going to leave and come back dressed as santa with a sign that says help need ride.
2395,0,a,hart is road to an ivy league education was by no means easy.
2396,1,a,i read a whole book on adhesive substances last night i just could not put it down
2397,0,a,possibly.
2398,1,a,i have a bumper sticker that says... honk if you think im sexy. then i wait at green lights till i feel better about myself.
2399,1,a,a  legged dog walks into a bar did you hear about the  legged dog who walked into a bar he was looking for the man who shot his paw.
2400,1,a,a wwii joke. what did the german shepherd say at his nuremberg trial i was just following odors.
2401,0,a,  march - the revolution command council rcc and mullah mustafa barzani leader of the kurdistan democratic party kdp sign a peace agreement.
2402,1,a,you can just walk into a blockbuster and take a shit on the floor now. it is not even illegal.
2403,0,a,fernandez said one of the greatest complexities of the crisis is the effort of refugees to return to their villages many of which have been destroyed in violence that does not always stem directly from the conflict between khartoum and rebellious southern forces.
2404,1,a,all i wanna do is gun shot gun shot gun shot and cash register noise get off sound effect island
2405,0,a,mr. huebel dressed for no particular reason in gold-colored leg armor from the wardrobe department beamed at his consultant.
2406,1,a,i asked my welsh friend how many partners he is had in his life... he started to count and he fell asleep.
2407,1,a,and for my next trick i will be pulling the rug from under your feet ~life
2408,0,a,each tuesday purchase a time out london magazine to learn about exhibitions festivals and free events.
2409,0,a,he said trade and security issues will be a major focus during his tenure.
2410,1,a,what did one deodorant say to the other i can not understand you your axe scent is too strong.
2411,1,a,in an alternate universe somewhere all the ducks are making white girl faces.
2412,0,a,and on september th players again took up their cards to take part in the london leg of the european poker tour.
2413,0,a,i suppose g.m. would argue that the world would be a better place if the public all bought massive s.u.v.’s from general motors.
2414,1,a,fat girls do not have it so bad at least they can wipe their tears with their tits
2415,0,a,that brought somalia’s long clan struggles and suspicions into the heart of the federal government.
2416,1,a,why were not the baked beans heating up they were just chilling
2417,0,a,beckham tripped over the ball and fell.
2418,1,a,slowly waldo is wife and mr. sandiego started putting the pieces together
2419,0,a,the father-in-law of singer amy winehouse said tuesday that fans should stop buying her records to force her to seek help for drug addiction.
2420,1,a,i have a very dry sense of humor. so i drink moisturizer.
2421,1,a,a photon both raises his hand and shouts goodbye. it is a wave and a parting call.
2422,1,a,what type of pants do japanese people wear nihon-jeans nihon-jin
2423,0,a,at the end of the initial -month treatment program  kids were randomly assigned to one of two family-based approaches -- a behavioral skills maintenance intervention a social facilitation maintenance intervention or to no ongoing contact after the initial weight loss program.
2424,1,a,muffins. so there are two muffins in an oven. one says to the other is it getting hot in here or is it just me and the second one says holy shit a talking muffin.
2425,1,a,what is better than roses on a piano tulips on my organ my dad told me this joke when i was  i finally understood it  years later. hope it does not take you that long
2426,0,a,vintage details make an old bath new again
2427,1,a,it is sad that they drain power from so many horses to make car engines run.
2428,0,a,it is definitely the start of a big adventure he said.
2429,0,a,and even the aficionados have their limits.
2430,0,a,i turned off this feature from the toolsautocorrect menu.
2431,0,a,if he does it solo i will be very impressed said greg mohr president of the gondolier society of america one of the three gondoliers participating in the albany to new york city tribute row.
2432,0,a,the us government said its eighth bilateral proliferation security initiative psi would boost its campaign to intercept any oceanic trafficking in nuclear chemical and biological arms by rogue states or extremists.
2433,1,a,man crushed by giant baseball. witnesses say object came right out of left field.
2434,1,a,and then she kissed the frog and saw him turn into a prince because kissing frogs makes you hallucinate. -me as a babysitter
2435,0,a,and you want to know something
2436,0,a,local masons spearheaded the effort to build the masonic temple in alexandria to honor washington and to house relics associated with his membership.
2437,0,a,the final new episode of nbc is heroes airs december .
2438,0,a,dr williams emphasised he was not ignoring the severity of what some young people do but that it was important to recognise a young teenager may still in very many important respects still genuinely be a child.
2439,1,a,what is up doc by howie dewin
2440,1,a,all my facebook friends are starting to have kids. better deactivate my acct. before they try to guilt me into liking pics of their aliens.
2441,1,a,average guy [writes her a song] girl yeah whatever. hot guy sup. girl oh my god you are so creative.
2442,0,a,now he is in the mood to buy bits of other retail companies.
2443,0,a,cheptoo is organization will receive a  cash award from woc to further her work in new york city on november   at the woc annual awards ceremony at unicef house.
2444,0,a,ribery is in great form.
2445,0,a,in its first month of operation the seeing in the dark internet telescope sidit has shot images of distant galaxies and nebulae in response to requests from more than  students around the world.
2446,0,a,checkpoints manned jointly by paramilitary frontier corps. troops and local police are to ensure law and order to assist the civil administration and ensure that fazlullah and his band of criminals stop terrorizing innocent civilians arshad said.
2447,1,a,what is the definition of delusional a bloke finishes fucking his blow up doll rolls over and says was that as good for you as it was for me
2448,0,a,a performance at a seven service may look like a rock show with the audience dressed as fashionably as the band but in some ways it represents an inversion of one.
2449,0,a,independent audit finds progress lacking in iraq
2450,1,a,the difference between being interrogated by a terrorist and interrogated by a woman is that eventually the terrorist will end your suffering.
2451,1,a,england at the rugby world cup
2452,0,a,we believe these margin measures are helpful to investors in evaluating our refining performance on a relative and absolute basis.
2453,0,a,it is also the heartland of afghanistan is illicit opium poppy farms.
2454,0,a,wilson said his actions were the result of trying to improve the quality of my life based upon my -plus years of living with diabetes and he had very limited exposure to a substance that he discarded after finding that it failed to improve his quality of life.
2455,0,a,he is a man with a clear vision and knows how to implement that vision even against resistance.
2456,0,a,mr. wiedeking declined to comment before the court ruling.
2457,1,a,i had to give away peeve my great dane. but i do not really care because once he grew up he was my biggest pet peeve.
2458,0,a,who are these forces trying to silence him
2459,0,a,this dynamic partnership fits perfectly into our efforts to remain a national leader in the area of environmental sustainability.
2460,1,a,if the wrong women were not so tempting then i would probably be married to the right one by now. malehonesty
2461,1,a,i tried to come out of the closet by singing. it was my swan song
2462,1,a,have you heard about the new emo pizza it cuts itself.
2463,1,a,what do you call a four-legged significant other dear
2464,1,a,i get pretty horny when someone disses me over the internet. i always get e-rekt.
2465,1,a,scientist we have successfully taught a dog morse code. dog [taps paw] me what did it say scientist woof.
2466,1,a,the key to wrapping presents is to think outside the box.
2467,1,a,a grasshopper walks into a bar. bartender looks up and shouts hey we have a drink named after you. you have a drink called steve
2468,0,a,columbus ohio aug.  prnewswire-firstcall -- mettler-toledo international inc.
2469,1,a,you should all be proud if me guys. i got a designated driver for tonight. he is my nephew and he is six but he is drank way less than me.
2470,1,a,i got arrested for indecent exposure after my neighbour claimed he could see my penis. maybe he should get a smaller postbox
2471,0,a,mr. naftalis one of the nation’s leading trial lawyers has defended a wide range of corporations and individuals in various complex criminal and regulatory cases.
2472,0,a,that is about as well as i have hit a ball and lost in a set in a while.
2473,1,a,little johnny is teacher asks him to make a sentence using the following words defeat deduct defense and detail. little johnny says de feet of de duck went over de fence before de tail.
2474,0,a,both the fbi and the cia have launched internal reviews looking at organizational security procedures.
2475,0,a,a staunch arab nationalist col gaddafi is attempts to forge unity with other arab states met with little success.
2476,0,a,he would have to talk to osborne and putnam the old twins who did the gardening and odd jobs around the place.
2477,1,a,my friend that only dates asian girls just started dating his ex-girlfriend again and i do not know if i should tell him.
2478,0,a,i wonder how they sleep at night
2479,1,a,what do you call a gay cripple tomato.
2480,0,a,jon stewart to return as oscar host
2481,1,a,did you hear about the kid who fixed the internet the internet  the internet with rice 
2482,1,a,i was going to tell a time travel joke... but i already told it.
2483,1,a,me for my st wish i want a box of triscuits genieare u sure u can buy them at any store memy nd wish is for u to mind ur own business
2484,1,a, irish queers michael fitzpatrick and patrick fitzmichael.
2485,1,a,moby-dick is cool if you like stopping in the middle of a story about murdering a smart whale to think about all the different kinds of rope
2486,0,a,knowing it and then actually using it are different things.
2487,0,a,the st. vincent is government has had to apply to separate funds to construct its international airport and adapt it to rising sea levels.
2488,0,a,finding a love of politics and his future wife
2489,1,a,i would never let my child act like that. -things my friends without kids say.
2490,1,a,what did the bra say to the hat you go on a head i will hang back with these two
2491,0,a,hayes is one of only  people to have walked the entire way to the south pole in  years and one of only  people to reach the south pole unassisted.
2492,1,a,you know what is great about senility you can hide your own easter eggs.
2493,1,a,if you get behind in your reading check you are not sitting on your book.
2494,1,a,longest english word pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosi longest spanish word gooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaalllllll
2495,1,a,is the ultimate american drug watching an entire season of a tv show at once or getting married so you do not have to die alone
2496,0,a,however in reality universities south of the border have nearly all charged the maximum amount.
2497,1,a,what did the newly paroled french prisoner name his restaurant attempted crepe
2498,1,a,if you had fifteen cows and five goats what would you have  plenty of milk .
2499,1,a,what do you call gay dracula cock dracula because blood is not the only thing he is sucking 
2500,0,a,i don’t look so bad’ but i never felt sexy in the way i feel sexy now.
2501,0,a,miller could miss wc season opener
2502,0,a,by daniel de vise washington post staff writer monday october    pm
2503,0,a,the ambassador on behalf of the uae government thanked the government of south africa for supporting the nomination of the uae during the elections of the executive council of the international civil aviation organization in montreal in canada in  in which the uae was elected as a member of the executive council..
2504,1,a,im with you hungry hungry hippos. i do not find small plastic balls very filling either. i can not believe this what you guys eat in africa.
2505,0,a,in fact that is not always the case — as we learned from the recent news reports on the activities of norman hsu the democratic political fund-raiser indicted on charges of investment fraud.
2506,1,a,last year i asked santa for the sexiest person ever for christmas.... i woke up in a box.
2507,0,a,the release of political opponents has been a key demand of opposition parties who are threatening to boycott the january vote.
2508,0,a,the two were really harsh critics said mrs. asaro-collura  who works as an associate creative director at an advertising agency.
2509,0,a,in the past residential customers rates have been subsidized by commercial and industrial customers.
2510,0,a,the director john hurley’s cast is frighteningly game especially ms. wolf whose slobbering and stiff-legged gait are often confused as come-ons.
2511,1,a,what did the elephant say to the naked man how do you breathe through that tiny thing
2512,1,a,a communist a spy and a chinese walk into a bar he orders a drink.
2513,1,a,what is hitler is favorite game meincraft
2514,1,a,i have been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. honest i only meant to rough him up a bit.
2515,1,a,are they really going to let gays play sports. what is next equality women voters will this ever end romney
2516,0,a,in the early s an estimated  of the tiger subspecies one of the world is smallest and the only one native to central and southern china roamed the country but its habitat has been squeezed by the country is rapid economic growth.
2517,1,a,bluetooth or crazy - is a guessing game i play when i see someone talking to themselves on the street. i usually guess wrong.
2518,1,a,ever read a classic novel that really moves you i feel that way about cheesecake.
2519,0,a,arthur miller’s relationship with his family is a fascinating subject.
2520,0,a,urban said it was too early to say how gatorade would market woods and his new product line especially since the drink will not be available until the spring.
2521,0,a,this corruption did not begin yesterday and it did not even begin with george bush edwards said in speech excerpts provided by his campaign.
2522,1,a,i want a segway so i can ride my segway away from my problems
2523,0,a,the be tire smart program is funded by rma is tire manufacturer members bridgestone americas holding inc. continental tire north america inc. cooper tire and rubber company the goodyear tire and rubber company michelin north america pirelli north america inc. toyo tire north america and yokohama tire corporation.
2524,0,a,the increase in margin was primarily driven by higher volume and includes improved performance for several programs which was partially offset by an increase in amortization of purchased intangibles.
2525,1,a,what do you give a sick pig oinkment.
2526,0,a,being inducted into the songwriters hall of fame is like winning entertainer of the year.
2527,0,a,maryland must sell  of the  suites to meet its loan repayment obligation which is . million annually over the next  years.
2528,0,a,the republican says that could be done by imposing a  percent sales tax on virtually all services.
2529,0,a,this means that they have the advantage of being able to prepare helped by civil servants.
2530,0,a,onshore wind power to the hard-hats lies somewhere between blue peter and a money-laundering scam.
2531,1,a,why did john lennon get shot because mark chapman was a terrible shot and kept missing yoko.
2532,1,a,did you like link not at link it grew on me.
2533,1,a,you know what is a load of crap anal sex
2534,1,a,what do you call a cute shortcoming flaww
2535,0,a,state employment practices and procedures that encourage nondiscriminatory and equal employment practices provide desirable models for the private sector and local governments says the resolution.
2536,0,a,his plan was to use unwanted embryos from a fertility clinic.
2537,1,a,why are branches attached to trees because they stick
2538,0,a,family fortunes played out across three stages
2539,1,a,why is nasa having a lawsuit filed against them from animal protection link curiosty killed the cat
2540,1,a,qa engineer goes to a bar he orders  beer. he orders - beer. he orders  beer. he orders a goat. he orders asdfg.
2541,0,a,the -year-old of cowley drive woodingdean brighton east sussex pleaded not guilty at hove crown court in october last year to three counts of dishonestly failing to give prompt notification of a change of circumstances contrary to the social security administration act .
2542,0,a,you have all this and rome on your doorstep.
2543,0,a,doors creak and don’t open fully a porch light that camp goers said burned different colors for more than  years on the same bulb finally went out this summer and the original chapel is boarded up after a tree fell on it.
2544,0,a,individually these games are phenomenal.
2545,1,a,[at aquarium] kids the blowfish is named bc of its cheeks blowfish [taps glass] actually that is a common misconception got any cocaine
2546,1,a,why was mark fuch a terrible mailman he keeps delivering to the wrong fuching address.
2547,1,a,what did the nun wear to the casino her gambling habit.
2548,0,a,boydell is gallery a short-lived but remarkably influential private museum that opened in  is the subject of the folger shakespeare library is intriguing new exhibition marketing shakespeare the boydell gallery - and beyond.
2549,1,a,do not believe in climate change rap fans tell that to vanilla slush water cube and ll warm j.
2550,0,a,and they asserted that the family’s home had undergone extensive remodeling and asserted that its market value could exceed .
2551,1,a,mitt romney announcing he is not running for president is like johnny depp announcing there will not be a sequel to mortdecai.
2552,0,a,however two thirds of cancer cases are not thought to be related to lifestyle and there is little people can do to prevent the disease in these circumstances.
2553,0,a,a roman catholic priest who compared himself to jesus christ was sentenced to life in prison on tuesday for collaborating in murders kidnappings and torture during argentina is - military dictatorship.
2554,1,a,what is the difference between us and the dinosaurs we do not need an asteroid...
2555,0,a,the doctor told her she was past the upper age of life expectancy for women with the disease and she was likely to be dead by april.
2556,0,a,in washington state department spokesman tom casey welcomed thursday is announcement of a new round of talks in libya.
2557,1,a,the things i say are like circles... they do not have a point.
2558,1,a,i saw a sign that said watch for children... ... and i thought that sounds like a fair exchange
2559,1,a,im so bad at philosophy.... .....i kant even
2560,0,a,but she still has vulnerabilities on foreign policy.
2561,1,a,so i was going down on my girlfriend... link i tasted horse semen. i then screamed so grandma. that is how you died.
2562,1,a,how do you get a cat to say like a chicken freeze it and bang it against the table and it says gog gog gog
2563,1,a,why do not astronauts get hungry after being  blasted into space because they have just had a big launch.
2564,1,a,i think i will go to church this morning. i need to repent all my sins and pray for the neighbors wife to covet me.
2565,0,a,boston outscored the pacers - from the free throw line and held the pacers to  percent shooting.
2566,0,a,the square-jawed politician was widely seen as the villain of the  orange revolution—the kremlin is man in a country still haunted by its soviet past.
2567,1,a,why did not the vegan gamble at the meat raffle did not want a brisket
2568,0,a,but this new study went further.
2569,1,a,why do people procrastinate i will tell you later.
2570,1,a,my band is called  megabytes. we do not have any gigs. lol
2571,0,a,man hopes n.j. picks its state song
2572,0,a,jets-ravens stats
2573,0,a,the main argument against the amendment is that the notion of family in french law is not based on blood but on recognition of a child as one’s own.
2574,0,a,have the tiger the dispatcher wrote transcribing radio traffic.
2575,1,a,what do you get when you have rough sex in an ice cream parlour a sore bae.
2576,1,a,i tried to get into the knife sharpening academy i did not make the cut.
2577,1,a,god hates fogs - homophobic clouds
2578,0,a,over time they have become mentors as well.
2579,0,a,with the mountain of resources that red bull has committed we expect results quickly de grandpre said during a conference call.
2580,0,a,if overstretched borrowers start to default that will hurt shareholders abroad mainly in sweden not the stability of the whole financial system.
2581,1,a,my diet plan consists of getting a full body tattoo of some skinny dude.
2582,1,a,what do you call a french organized crime detective jaccuza
2583,0,a,but in the st minute scotland took the lead after birmingham city striker garry oconnor was flattened by a crude challenge from lithuania is tomas zvirgzdauskas on the touchline.
2584,0,a,when is the next novella coming along she would ask.
2585,0,a,we would do better to recognize that theologically and politically conservative protestantism like other broad social movements wins some loses some and adapts to changing circumstances.
2586,1,a,ms. pac-man should only cost  of a quarter per play
2587,1,a,why are you all so excited it is friday monday will be here in  minutes.
2588,0,a,but the colts - who started the season - before losing - to new england a week ago scored two touchdowns and a two-point conversion in  seconds early in the fourth quarter to pull to -.
2589,0,a,yesterday parks insisted to the court that he had no intention of driving that morning and had been sleeping in the car until he was able to reach his friends.
2590,1,a,why is darth vader black because he left his son.
2591,1,a,what do priests and zits have in common they bost bust on  year olds faces
2592,1,a,avin a shat on the big loo wif all me mates
2593,1,a,why did not the lifeguard save the hippy he was too far out man.
2594,0,a,the country is police chief avelino razon said terrorists were behind the attack but he did not know which group.
2595,1,a,revenge is a dish whose photos i have not yet seen on instagram.
2596,0,a,israel continued what the military called routine operations wednesday.
2597,0,a,the overnight rate that british banks charge to lend pounds to one another soared  basis points on monday to . percent the highest level in more than a month according to the british bankers’ association.
2598,1,a,lord give me coffee to change the things i link vodka to accept the things i cannot. amen.
2599,1,a,how many electricians does it take to screw in a lightbulb one.
2600,1,a,did you hear about the incest convention every mother-fucker was there.
2601,0,a,mr cameron attacked mr brown is cynical... old politics and claimed his labour government could not provide real change as he had been a central part of the  blair years.
2602,0,a,in addition to budgeting extra time they will have to budget for higher gas prices too.
2603,0,a,dubai port operator dp world on sunday launched an initial public offering for  percent of its shares one of the biggest ipos in the region.
2604,1,a,if linkin park was to describe photons [...] but in the end it is not even matter.
2605,0,a,and in essence that is free.
2606,0,a,palmer originally studied mechanical engineering but felt limited by the traditional scientific approach he encountered at university.
2607,0,a,the company is products are also available online at link link and link
2608,0,a,the four suspects were all armed but offered no resistance when arrested around  a.m. in cahors near the french city toulouse he said.
2609,0,a,a lot of people were saying i should be on anchor said gay who ran nine races in eight days in osaka.
2610,0,a,the afterglow of the yankees’ three-game sweep of the boston red sox disappeared fast last night at yankee stadium.
2611,0,a,and sometime soon i hope none of them come with such an artificial discount.
2612,0,a,a limestone lion sculpture that measures   inches hauled in  million earlier this month.
2613,0,a,fema offers up to  as home lure for storm victims
2614,0,a,as with any cancer therapy there is a risk of side effects and these are usually manageable and reversible with dose modification or interruption.
2615,1,a,do you know anyone who has ever been scalped i can not think of anyone off the top of my head..
2616,1,a,how did hitler tie his shoes in little nazis
2617,0,a,since the s k plans have replaced traditional pensions as the preferred retirement offering among employers.
2618,0,a,the industry which employs almost  people north of the border is seeking to increase its share of the advertising market in scotland.
2619,1,a,how did burger king get dairy queen pregnant he did not wrap his whopper
2620,1,a,current relationship status leaving pizza and beer in the bushes to lure in stalkers.
2621,0,a,on kosovo paris favors independence for the region which is officially a province of serbia.
2622,1,a,before this goes any further it is important that i know your position on foreign films with subtitles.
2623,1,a,a new study says eating sugar will kill you and was conducted by the no shit sherlock research institute.
2624,0,a,chaos
2625,1,a,i should start a sandwich shop that only sells flatbreads. you would be able to select your own fillings. i will call it pita this pita that
2626,0,a,but the key question is how much of the . trillion worth of sub-prime mortgage-backed bonds will go eventually go bad.
2627,0,a,[the success of the iphone] is the hangover from their relentless pursuit of building beautiful products for  years.
2628,0,a,but he is concerned that some of the drivers from mexico can not read highway signs written in english.
2629,0,a,daniel peterson a railway porter and self-taught musician bestowed his love of music to his five children offering them a means to escape from poverty.
2630,0,a,the bolingbrook ill. officer resigned last week from the force amid a mounting investigation.
2631,0,a,he’s trying every trick in the book she said.
2632,1,a,i do not get why he counts the beer before he leaves to work... there is never any left when he comes home. idiot.
2633,0,a,margaret h. nichols had alzheimer is disease and edward nichols was losing his eyesight a family member said.
2634,0,a,the technique of rotoscoping — capturing human movement in images and then tracing those into the cartoon world — was invented by max fleisher in the s and even incorporated into key early disney cartoon features like ’s snow white and the seven dwarfs.
2635,0,a,new orleans -- vince young got the best of reggie bush again and the nfl is feel-good team from last season is off to a dismal start.
2636,1,a,what is the name of an irish girl who hangs out on your lawn patti ofurniture
2637,1,a,what is the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period you get your palm red for free
2638,1,a,what do you call a monkey in a minefield a baboom.
2639,1,a,unexpected sex  that is a great way to wake up. if you are not in a prison...
2640,1,a,daddy why did the moon turn red because god is flooding it with the blood of all the children who ask too many questions sweetie
2641,1,a,knock knock who is there . aaron . aaron who . aaron the barber is floor .
2642,1,a,my ocd brings all the boys to the yard where they are sanitized and counted before i wash my hands of them.
2643,1,a,what did one nut say to the other nut between you and me our neighbor is a dick.
2644,1,a,my daughter may only be one year old today but she retrieves beer from the fridge at a fourth grade level.
2645,0,a,it requires that the names of sponsors of earmarks be disclosed openly and at an early stage for example but that will not do much to rein in people who are actually proud of them.
2646,0,a,he will be hosting a game party at his woodbridge home with five or six virginia alumni.
2647,1,a,i asked my best friend if he was gay or not. i never got a straight answer.
2648,0,a,falling out of the top  were red raspberries which declined almost  percent and asparagus which fell  percent.
2649,0,a,co-operation with westminster and at european level would be required.
2650,1,a,how do you kill a giraffe punch him in the throat.
2651,1,a,why is everyone investing in ireland ... because the capital is always dublin.
2652,0,a,i would be much happier if they keep it.
2653,1,a,shut up you will never be the man your mother is.
2654,1,a,two elderly couple who have alzheimers just finished having sex male  was it good female  i can not remember male  who are you sorry for the formatting sent this via my phone
2655,0,a,they were affected by increased food wastage as mands struggled to cope with this summer’s unpredictable weather swings and higher discounting on clothing during the cold weather.
2656,0,a,saudi arabia afc player of the year .
2657,1,a,hr do you use the visualization exercises from the anger management class me yes i picture a swarm of bees attacking co-workers.
2658,1,a,what do americans do immediately after winning the world cup soccer turn off the playstation.
2659,1,a,a gardener fell from grace and forgot how she once was. so she went back to her roots.
2660,1,a,why are anorexic people cannibals because they are always putting their fingers in their mouths.
2661,1,a,did you hear about the pirate suffering from scurvy his attempts to cure it were fruitless.
2662,1,a,there is a button on this hotel phone that says pizza. i may never leave.
2663,0,a,the ravens can’t grind out yards and eat up clock they way they used to.
2664,1,a,pick something up. you just applied more force on that object than the gravity of an entire planet. earth do you even lift
2665,1,a,we had a proper serious grown-up discussion about pornography recently and my girlfriend said i do not get porn. why would i want to watch to people have sex i said two people
2666,0,a,jones started the season opener for the fighting irish against georgia tech but was pulled during a - loss to the yellow jackets.
2667,0,a,snoopy the beagle with chaplinesque moves and quixote-like dreams took the longest to develop fully.
2668,1,a,what is the most painful cereal known to man kind banana nut crunch.
2669,0,a,defense officials said the withdrawal was going well but could take days to complete.
2670,0,a,through her foundation khan  has adopted a middle school in the watts section of los angeles where she will track the students through college.
2671,1,a,knock knock who is there the pilot let me in.
2672,0,a,the pair’s differences don’t end there.
2673,0,a,ing is goal is to invest in the health of american children by donating  million to running programs to get  kids running by .
2674,1,a,how do you know when you have played too much minecraft when your friend wishes aloud that he could be creative and you tell him your game mode has been changed.
2675,1,a,santa joke why does not santa have any children because he only cums once a year and when he does it is down a chimney.
2676,0,a,having retired to hawaii he was invited on to the board of barnwell the oil and gas development company which he had profitably encouraged to begin drilling in the archipelago.
2677,1,a,as i was driving home i saw a black man carrying a tv down the street... nervously i had to wonder if it was mine but then i remembered mine was at home shining my shoes
2678,0,a,negotiations broke down over the sensitive issue of which flags emblems and songs to use on the island which china regards as part of chinese territory awaiting reunification and not as an independent nation.
2679,0,a,hi it is your miss america lauren nelson the image says.
2680,0,a,click the link for the q  bunge limited conference call and follow the prompts to join the call.
2681,1,a,go on vacation in poland... link car is already there.
2682,1,a,why are all rabbits negro because they dig homes.
2683,0,a,just in case obama is also talking about an issue of importance to older iowans -- attacking rival sen. hillary clinton d-n.y. in townhall meetings and over the airwaves for not being honest about social security.
2684,1,a,am sorry boss i know i said i would do that report this morning. but the girl next to me on the train was wearing a short skirt and i forgot i even had a job.
2685,0,a,the rivers that flow through the valleys are hidden by woods.
2686,1,a,a priest and a rabbi see a yr old boy. the priest says lets fuck him. rabbi says out of what
2687,0,a,for some this is all a bit much but what the bid team are pointing out is that this is the reality of the modern sporting bidding process.
2688,0,a,the debate among republicans is largely not about whether people are warming the planet but about how to deal with it.
2689,1,a,i never knew who my father was until my mom revealed that she had a sex change
2690,0,a,the producers said they had received an invitation to the inaugural middle east international film festival held in abu dhabi in mid-october — a first for an israeli film in the arab world.
2691,0,a,the stylophone was taken out of uk stores shortly after production of the instrument stopped in the early s according to hmv.
2692,1,a,valve half-life  confirmed
2693,1,a,if you want to feel the bern have unprotected sex.
2694,1,a,killing two birds with one stone this weekend taking my mother to hooters sounds rock solid.
2695,0,a,the other heir to provenzano matteo messina denaro is still at large.
2696,1,a,what do you call a naked winnie-the-pooh pooh-nography
2697,1,a,meninist meeting women are evil- phone rings uhh just a second... picks up phone mom not while im doing my club. yes pizza tonight.
2698,0,a,biofuels made from plant material are supposed to account for at least  of this total.
2699,0,a,hopkinton mass. sept.  prnewswire -- emc corporation nyse emc the world leader in information infrastructure solutions today announced the new emcr avamarr virtual edition for vmwarer infrastructure and emc avamar data store two innovative solutions that extend emc is leading data de-duplication software capabilities and transform the way customers evaluate and approach data protection.
2700,1,a,two elephants were standing in the shower. one elephant said to the other pass the soap the other elephant said there is no soap radio
2701,0,a,but the directors guild would not give us a waiver.
2702,1,a,when tragedy strikes your community mcdonald is will still be there to take your money.
2703,0,a,to be affected users would have to visit a web site and install a program that could then run malicious code on their computers said mark griesi a security program manager at the redmond-based software maker.
2704,0,a,markey is letter included  questions and gave rice  days to respond.
2705,0,a,oreilly did not have high praise for the republican candidates either.
2706,0,a,in the world economic forum is global competitiveness index france ranks th out of  countries thanks to top-class infrastructure transport links and business culture.
2707,0,a,the real conservative it declares.
2708,1,a,what joke would piss off any redditor update  punchline removed.
2709,1,a,did you hear about the guy that made a terrible joke he fainted.
2710,1,a,today i was wondering why does a frisbee appear larger the closer it gets... ... and then it hit me. - steven wright
2711,1,a,my wife claims watching me do karate is not foreplay. why am i even alive.
2712,1,a,what is a fat kids favorite musical instrument the lunch bell.
2713,0,a,iran has achieved a landmark with  centrifuges fully working in its controversial uranium enrichment program president mahmoud ahmadinejad said wednesday.
2714,1,a,what do you say to an unemployed rastafarian jah bless
2715,1,a,my teen yelled at me for not waking her up for school. she is in the shower and im wondering when she realizes it is sunday. this is beautiful.
2716,0,a,read the mousetrap tech blog
2717,1,a,two fish are in a tank one turns to the other and asks how do you drive this thing
2718,0,a,but his request to lay a wreath at ground zero was denied by city officials and condemned by politicians who said a visit to the site of the  terror attacks would violate sacred ground. © copyright press association ltd  all rights reserved.
2719,0,a,he lives with his family in north-west london.
2720,1,a,i was at a restaurant when i noticed my waitress had a black eye... so i ordered really slowly because she obviously does not listen well.
2721,1,a,before i got on the toilet i was trying to look for toilet paper... and i almost lost my shit.
2722,1,a,i try to teach my mom something new everyday. because you are supposed to learn from your mistakes.
2723,1,a,the moderator needs a spray bottle. each time someone interrupts they could just be like no. bad presidential candidate. bad.. spray
2724,0,a,news writers are represented by a different union so today on nbc and the cable news channels will be unaffected — except for the bags that will form under the eyes of anchors as they are pressed to fill more airtime.
2725,1,a,girl are you a tree cause- no i am not a tree link i want- why are you still talking i am not a tree .. i want t- not a tree
2726,0,a,washington - by the light of the silvery moon corals get in tune and soon it is a spawning delight.
2727,0,a,trudi plans to retire by the time she turns .
2728,1,a,sniffs date is hair [later on in ambulance] no it is my fault for not mentioning im allergic to japanese cherry blossoms
2729,0,a,im black myself.
2730,1,a,so im thinking of getting a sex change. currently i have none but i identify as someone who does. edit changed relate to identify. i think it better that way.
2731,1,a,what do you call a hooker fart a prostitoooooot
2732,1,a,what do you do if you come across a lion in the jungle wipe it off and apologise.
2733,1,a,how many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb does not matter. all they do is complain that the lightbulb will not screw them
2734,1,a,i often worry about the safety of my children ... especially the one who is still awake at midnight and talking back right now.
2735,1,a,you mean you can actually put the cork back in a wine bottle hahahaa why..
2736,0,a,los angeles - take-two interactive software inc. said on monday it formed a new publishing label devoted to casual games called k play.
2737,1,a,when you need advice everyone is ready to link when you need help everyone only gives advice.......
2738,0,a,the republicans have been brilliant at assembling winning coalitions over the years — social conservatives business interests libertarians national security hawks.
2739,1,a,who is in charge of all the liquid measurements the liter.
2740,1,a,q how do you circumcise a whale a you send down five skin divers.
2741,1,a,i bet flo rida sometimes wishes he went with the name in diana instead.
2742,1,a,a cannibal tried a bite of my kidney he said it was offal
2743,0,a,abe apologized to the party in a message read after fukuda is selection but said he would not resign as a lawmaker.
2744,1,a,duct tape wo not fix stupid. but it will gag the sound.
2745,0,a,but each round of talks has ended without agreement or any clear signs of progress.
2746,1,a,at indian restaurant those triangular pastry parcels with the spicy filling were delicious. samosa no thank you im full now.
2747,0,a,he said his breathing has improved and he is lost  pounds.
2748,0,a,the figures dispel the idea that gun ownership and high levels of violence necessarily go hand in hand he said.
2749,1,a,[serious] have any animals besides humans been shown to exhibit humor in their social interactions looking for anyone with specific knowledge of this. any zoolologists out there
2750,1,a,my next relationship will be with someone who thinks wine is a perfectly acceptable answer when he asks what is for dinner.
2751,0,a,paula creamer is tap-in on the th hole ensured the americans of the  points they needed to retain the cup and nicole castrale is - footer moments later wrapped up a u.s. win for the second straight time.
2752,0,a,setanta sports  pm  heures du mans.
2753,1,a,boss why do you have rashes every time you get your salary employee i am allergic to peanuts.
2754,1,a,how do you know when a bass player and drummer are at your front door the knocking is out of time and they do not know when to come in.
2755,1,a,what is hitler is least favorite letter the gas bill.
2756,0,a,wellpoint is client-facing programs use one of three separate data collection and documentation systems.
2757,1,a,this shirt that the team was wearing smells disgusting. i need to find an appropriate state to name it after. -inventor of the jersey
2758,1,a,a man drops his watch........ and he notices his dog is about to piss on it. the man says oh no you do not not on my watch.
2759,0,a,the program results in slightly taller buildings he acknowledged.
2760,0,a,in november  he will co-star opposite denzel washington in american gangster directed by ridley scott.
2761,0,a,cota boarded the cosco busan—a relatively new ship built just six years ago—at  a.m. last wednesday.
2762,0,a,amc is mad men like the bronx is burning is a period piece that never feels like a musty history lesson.
2763,1,a,people who ask themselves what jesus would do seem to forget just how badly things worked out for him.
2764,1,a,teacher  how can we keep the school clean teacher how can we keep the school clean student by staying home
2765,0,a,in his other nudes mr. cox said formal analysis was callahan’s primary concern.
2766,1,a,most of the s was spent staring at a cool light display on an aiwa stereo.
2767,1,a,the difference between in-laws and outlaws outlaws are wanted.
2768,0,a,yankee doodles one joe girardi has replaced another torre at the top and the coaching staff is in flux.
2769,1,a,q what does a blonde say after multiple orgasms a way to go team.
2770,1,a,odd how all the intelligent life finding instruments are pointed away from earth.
2771,0,a,the girls had so many friends there is so much family you can not tell them not to come to remember them.
2772,1,a,im starting a mirror cleaning business. its a job i can really see myself doing..
2773,0,a,the price by arthur miller is at long wharf theater  sargent drive new haven through nov. .
2774,1,a,russian nesting dolls are so full of themselves.
2775,0,a,blazers win th straight
2776,0,a,federer confirmed for madrid masters
2777,0,a,marlowe whose checkered career and mysterious death have somewhat overshadowed his dramatic oeuvre makes infrequent appearances on major american stages.
2778,0,a,so goofy and serious — ooh. she crowed spying another shot in which a young man had mooned the camera.
2779,0,a,mr chissano was the obvious choice.
2780,1,a,tifu by accidentally cheating on my wife at a bdsm costume party oops wrong sub
2781,0,a,and after dec.  when apple is contract with nbc expires all shows that nbc universal owns past and present will disappear from the site.
2782,0,a,so that is just what i did i just dived into my work i did multiple films at the same time.
2783,1,a,why is it illegal to masturbate on an airplane because its high jacking.
2784,1,a,an apple a day keep the doctor away but only if it is thrown hard enough
2785,1,a,do not fire till you see the whites of their eyes. oh my god theyre chinese.
2786,1,a,this is how good my dog is lol. i tell ya my dog is lazy. he do not chase cars. he sits on the curb and takes down license plate numbers. rodney dangerfield
2787,0,a,arenas who selected schools that will benefit from his scores for schools program yesterday [story in metro page b] has repeatedly said he will place no limits on himself.
2788,0,a,for all i know she could have been hiding a small tactical nuke in that beehive.
2789,1,a,a man and his wife find an s andamp m magazine under their son is bed. mom says this is horrible what should we do dad replies well we can not spank him.
2790,1,a,little mary was living in japan during the s. then one day the americans dropped an atomic bomb on the city she was living in. where did she go after the explosion everywhere.
2791,0,a,also apple inc. rose . or . percent to . after selling its  millionth iphone on sunday.
2792,0,a,alternately sweet and devilish mr. stewart moves us to pity and revulsion in essence recreating feelings similar to those that might be experienced by someone faced with a disabled person in reality.
2793,1,a,i saw a homeless guy in town shouting about a lot of random stuff... it was a vague rant.
2794,0,a,even his supporters say they were disappointed.
2795,0,a,they were unaware of the earthquake.
2796,0,a,former sen. fred thompson made giuliani his target saying the former new york mayor supported federal funding for abortion gun control and havens for illegal immigrants.
2797,0,a,it said there was evidence ieng sary helped plan direct and coordinate the khmer rouge policies of forcible transfer forced labor and unlawful killings.
2798,1,a,microwave broke and i had to cook on the stove like freaking betty rubble.
2799,1,a,do something nice for your ex today take them out. one bullet should do the trick.
2800,0,a,the authorities said the man went into traumatic cardiac arrest and died.
2801,0,a,raleigh n.c. sept.  upi -- jason karmanos thursday resigned for personal reasons as vice president and assistant general manager of the nhl is carolina hurricanes.
2802,0,a,but she talked as if it still stood it has a pool.
2803,0,a,ambassador crocker in iraqi elections voters pick national party lists not individuals to represent specific district constituencies.
2804,1,a,how does a bat girl become a bat woman she has a bat mitzvah
2805,1,a,why is it so expensive to divorce a woman here in california because it is worth it.
2806,1,a,fastest readers in history. the fastest readers in history were - jumpers. they went threw  stories in  seconds
2807,1,a,link can also say representative at any ti-- representative..
2808,1,a,someone should start an organization called people for the unethical treatment of animals. they would all be knows as a bunch of putas
2809,1,a,watch forrest gump feel inspired toss orthotics out go for jog  block later keel over and die next to shit happens bumper sticker
2810,1,a,what did one train track say to the opposite track wanna race
2811,1,a,i phoned my work this morning and said sorry boss i can not come in today i have a wee cough. he said you have a wee cough i said really cheers boss see you next week.
2812,1,a,what did helen keller is mom say would happen if she did not stop fingering herself she would start talking dirty.
2813,0,a,it cited in-kind gifts cash handouts electronic transfers of money payments to attend party rallies and free sightseeing trips.
2814,0,a,by this time i was also  weeks pregnant.
2815,1,a,you know how dogs think when you leave that you are never coming back that is how i feel when i leave the house for work every morning.
2816,0,a,associated press writer doug birch contributed to this report from sulaimaniyah iraq.
2817,1,a,girl are you a prescription from my doctor cause you might be good for me but i can not read you at all.
2818,0,a,on october   straw said the government planned to spend £m on the reconstruction of iraq during the three-year period commencing april .
2819,1,a,from john bishops only joking did you hear about the local blender company they went into liquidation
2820,0,a,the more you have the ability to make a decision based on what’s right for the corporation the more you will maximize your profits.
2821,0,a,it was a big day - only  players have played  games for preston tom finney people like that.
2822,0,a,a federal appeals court already had cut in half the  billion in damages awarded by a jury in .
2823,0,a,watching victoria toss his suitcase out of her car as she drives away leaving him on a lonely country lane mr. owen practically does a dance step as he says addressing the camera it’s love.
2824,1,a,im going to run errands need anything yes some new light bulbs why our current bulbs are too heavy and a good divorce lawyer
2825,0,a,he hoped to finish what he started next year.
2826,0,a,forward-looking information is inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors which include but are not limited to risk factors inherent in doing business.
2827,1,a,whenever i see sombody obsessively taking photos of the sunset i go up to them and whisper do not worry.. the sun is gonna come back tomorow
2828,1,a,people who use that snobby pronunciation of vase make me want to punch them in the foz.
2829,0,a,dasha is elated that gena finally wants to have sex and then gena says no dasha i’m simply dying of hunger and hope that that will take away my appetite.
2830,1,a,what is the difference between oral and anal sex good oral can make your whole day good anal makes your hole weak.
2831,1,a,when is it ok to snipe police officers as dallast resort.
2832,0,a,several readers it seems thought otherwise
2833,1,a,what does an angry pepper do it gets jalepeno face.
2834,1,a,what d dimension should marilyn monroe is movies always be shown in  blon-d
2835,0,a,harrah is operating and harrah is entertainment have retained citi to act as lead dealer manager in connection with the tender offers and consent solicitations.
2836,1,a,i like my women like i like my coffee. i have a deep respect for coffee and would never discriminate against coffee based on its gender.
2837,1,a,hyperboles are the most overused thing in the universe.
2838,0,a,digital advertising a growing rapidly in india is expected to be worth  million by .
2839,1,a,me [at a party] hey. wanna come back to my place and- girl hook up sure. me [sadly putting away two yu-gi-oh. decks] oh. awesome
2840,0,a,she wound up saving  of  break points she faced while converting eight of  she generated.
2841,0,a,the choices are endless.
2842,1,a,with great power comes.. an expensive electricity bill
2843,0,a,the person who has the power is the one who receives the royal kumari is blessings explained chunda bajracharya a professor of cultural studies at kathmandu is tribhuvan university.
2844,0,a,ortiz made it - in the first hitting his th home run after a one-out single by dustin pedroia.
2845,0,a,he has also managed to persuade some of niigata is hospitals to buy the pink-tinged rice to serve to new mothers.
2846,1,a,someone called me lazy today... i almost replied.
2847,0,a,in  they won the champions cup and in  they lifted the champions league trophy.
2848,0,a,bystanders are easy-going and not easily ruffled have to be called several times to get their attention miss signposts may leave dirt on their face or hands find scratches or bruises and don’t know how they got them don’t notice clutter until someone points it out.
2849,0,a,three police officers and four civilians were killed in the blast the police chief and several others were injured.
2850,1,a,how to tell if your girlfriend is secretly a minivan
2851,0,a,hrbaty will miss australian open
2852,1,a,how can you tell that you had sex with a mexican woman the night before you wake up with a jalapeno seed on your dick.
2853,0,a,rhys meyers  was arrested sunday after police twice confronted him over his erratic abusive behavior at an airport gate and at a desk of the british airline bmi on which he was planning to fly to london.
2854,0,a,louisiana may represent the republicans’ best hope to pick up a seat.
2855,1,a,i ran into my ex the other day... then i put the car in reverse and backed into her again.
2856,0,a,but on monday israel stopped short of declaring a total halt to settlement activity and olmert did not address the issue in the news conference with mubarak.
2857,1,a,i wonder how many viagra induced unrequited boners go home from the bar or club staring up at their owners in complete dismay
2858,1,a,what do you call lying furniture untrustable
2859,1,a,what is the longest word in the dictionary smiles because there is a mile between each s.
2860,0,a,we will get married eventually or we will not but we are together and that is what matters.
2861,1,a,so the other day at the atm an elderly lady asked me to help check her balance. so i pushed her o_o
2862,0,a,i guess baseball and sportswriters didn’t get the memo so let’s repeat it for them the fans don’t care what rick ankiel did three years ago.
2863,1,a,the only thing that trump and i can agree on... link that i would also date ivanka if she was not his daughter.
2864,1,a,what does andre  is menorah look like on the last day of hanukkah alight alight alight alight alight alight alight alight alight
2865,1,a,happy birthday to england is prince george who turns  today. the prince is first birthday party was a little different. his bouncy castle was an actual castle. and the pony rides were on camilla.
2866,0,a,abundant biofuels colombia srl has identified a strong interest from private and government sector.
2867,1,a,i can usually tell how productive i have been at work by the battery life of my phone.
2868,0,a,the decline has been part of a trend for the satellite radio aftermarket which soared during the  holiday season as howard stern prepared to go to sirius and gave away receivers in new york is union square but which has cooled significantly since the middle of .
2869,1,a,q what does a blonde make best for  dinner a reservations.
2870,0,a,two years after us soldier is death widow has his son
2871,0,a,i am quite convinced that one of the really crucial pieces that has to be filled in are these concepts of how the states will relate to each other in practical terms concerning security and in practical terms concerning economic issues she said.
2872,1,a,communism is awful. it is just common cents.
2873,1,a,what is the difference between a prostitute and a rooster the rooster says cock-adoodle-do whereas the prostitute says any cock will do
2874,1,a,whats the sickest piece of art pneumonia lisa
2875,1,a,[nsfw] how do you mount your virtual girlfriend with a hard drive bae.
2876,1,a,mirror mirror on the wall was the dwarfs mother high when she named them all
2877,1,a,why should you never have sex in an olive garden because when you are there you are family.
2878,0,a,black sea faces oil catastrophe
2879,0,a,it is easier to get people to donate money than to donate blood.
2880,1,a, . what is your emergency me im bleeding profusely.  sir this line is reserved for joke formats. me ...
2881,0,a,time of possession  
2882,1,a,i have a dream that my children will live in a nation... not judged by the color of their skin but by their follower count on twitter.
2883,1,a,male porn stars are some of the hardest workers.
2884,1,a,movies never show the part in the ending where the hero drives into the sunset and has to pull down the visor
2885,0,a,thompson criticizes romney on spending
2886,1,a,why is life like a penis because women make it hard.
2887,0,a,drug trade takes root and toll in mexico
2888,0,a,i have never in my life been that scared.
2889,0,a,i suspect he is on to something with this.
2890,0,a,some committee members said backers were hypocrites or plain crazy as representative dan burton an indiana republican put it.
2891,1,a,q why did the chicken cross the road a to get the chinese newspaper. do you get it no me neither i get the daily news.
2892,0,a,john reid stark chief of the office of internet at the secm has worked on several of these cases.
2893,1,a,what does a jewish pedophile say to a kid hey kid wanna buy some candy
2894,0,a,at first he would just ask her how she was getting on at school but in january this year the friendship intensified and they communicated by text messages.
2895,0,a,for customized safaris in the kilimanjaro area try africa calls link or tanganyika film and safari outfitters link. [][][]joseph plambeck
2896,0,a,sela a hebrew university of jerusalem professor said he will collaborate with u.s. scientists on studying how and why the bee virus may be fatal.
2897,0,a,i was a proud conservative yesterday i remain one today and i will be one tomorrow thompson says in the speech.
2898,1,a,if a -year-old says im scared there is a monster living under my bed do not reply oh that is where he is been hiding. i know that now.
2899,1,a,for those of you wondering what it is like to be married im on day  of an argument i did not know i was having.
2900,0,a,the issue is vital to both sides observers said.
2901,1,a,my friend drowned last week so i had a wreath made in the shape of a life jacket in his memory. im sure it is what he would have wanted. -milton jones
2902,1,a,my friend was quite a colorful character... his name was hugh
2903,1,a,what is the comeback that fits well with any argument not a joke. just want to see funny comments.
2904,1,a,my girlfriend asked why do we always stay home for dinner and never eat out obviously if i was any good at eating out then you would not be complaining about staying home.
2905,0,a,he said he agreed with bratton that what happened was wrong and we are determined to make it right.
2906,1,a,what did the fish say when he swam into the wall damn
2907,1,a,you should invest in helium it is only going to go up.
2908,0,a,sarkozy who promoted strauss-kahn for the imf post has been in office five months.
2909,0,a,it is a miracle said anna priebe the boy is mother.
2910,0,a,both mclaren and the fia declined to comment on these latest allegations in the spy story on friday as the drivers took to the track.
2911,0,a,rozerem should be taken within  minutes before going to bed and activities confined to preparing for bed.
2912,1,a,graduation speech i would like to thank wikipedia and copypaste.  im out bitces
2913,0,a,control is also brave in not turning away from curtis is failings as both a husband and a father.
2914,1,a,roses are red your body is fine i know we just met but your place or mine
2915,0,a,the report also said iran agreed to study documentation from the agency on the green salt project -- a plan that the u.s. alleges links diverse components of a nuclear weapons program including uranium enrichment high explosives testing and a missile re-entry vehicle.
2916,0,a,they are said to celebrate some of scotland is major and most recognisable engineering achievements and symbolise solidity stability and continuity.
2917,1,a,if i had  lives i would stick my butthole in your face too.
2918,0,a,a  call alerted florida authorities that lewis was at the shelter miami police chief john timoney said.
2919,1,a,how do you kill two priests toss a small boy between them and watch them fight to the death. the winner has to fight michael jackson
2920,1,a,i get turned on by my maths teacher... ... because she is the reciprocal of cosc
2921,1,a,why did not the lawyer monkey make any money because he did all his work pro bonobo
2922,1,a,iron man is actually fe male. do not dislike it if you do not get it
2923,1,a,american politics that is it that is the joke
2924,0,a,stonegate securities acted as the placement agent for the transaction.
2925,0,a,it is also there to identify the lessons that can be learnt for the future.
2926,0,a,miyuki tokui’s bring me a pppeach was exhausting and not all that enjoyable.
2927,0,a,prep me an online sat-preparation startup that won a business plan contest at the university of chicago captured fsb is  first prize as well as sap business one a five-seat software package from sap america which as the contest sponsor provided all the prizes.
2928,0,a,moreover people like dede who live in small villages do not want to be taken away especially to give blood samples.
2929,0,a,mr. minor has contributed  to democrats over the years including more than  to john edwards a fellow trial lawyer.
2930,1,a,why were the burgers in the refrigerator embarrassed they saw the salad dressing.
2931,0,a,for the first nine months of the year daimler earned . billion euros . billion down from . billion euros a year earlier on sales of . billion euros . billion up slightly from . billion euros in the first nine months of .
2932,1,a,i chuckled at this one suicidal arsonist burned at the stake.
2933,0,a,blake homered leading off the fifth against boston knuckleballer tim wakefield whose now-you-see-it-now-you-do not pitch had cleveland is hitters flailing at air for nearly four innings.
2934,1,a,q how many programmers does it take to  screw in a light bulb  a none that is a hardware problem.
2935,1,a,are these my brains a three-year-old boy was examining his testicles while taking a bath. mom he asked are these my brains not yet. she replied.
2936,1,a,sitting on my hand until it gets numb so it feels like someone else is folding my laundry.
2937,0,a,i’ve been tucking pictures of mandy moore my latest hair obsession into my wallet.
2938,1,a,everything must go you should have had that attitude before going out of business.
2939,1,a,why do black people not go on cruises they will not fall for that one again.
2940,0,a,but those excuses only go so far.
2941,1,a,what did watson and crick study to find dna rosalind franklin is notes.
2942,1,a,did you say that you need to go see a psychiatrist that is crazy.
2943,1,a,manchester united
2944,1,a,i secretly love men from scotland... it is my kilty pleasure.
2945,0,a,mike gravel is the grumpy old man.
2946,0,a,the united states also has a team in the fall league which starts oct.  and includes players from big league teams who are not on -man rosters.
2947,1,a,every year on valentine is day i put a smile on my wife is face by taking down the christmas tree.
2948,1,a,how many babies does it take to paint a house it depends how hard you throw them.
2949,0,a,for nearly three decades bernie fryer has been one of the most respected officials in the nba nba commissioner david stern said in a statement.
2950,0,a,we really are at a critical moment in florida history.
2951,0,a,but his letter to mukasey conveyed a lost hope for getting those answers from fielding and implied a willingness to move ahead with hearings.
2952,1,a,i accidentally ate a piece of rope... i shit you knot
2953,1,a,old one is are the best. that is why i am barred from the care home.
2954,0,a,we have seen it play great.
2955,1,a,what do you call an aardvark good with a light saber a darthvark.
2956,1,a,scientists have discovered that mothers are the driving force behind their children. because force = ma.
2957,0,a,rafael nadal also won in straight sets.
2958,0,a,graffiti left on the walls read this is god is work and numerous booby traps had been left behind.
2959,0,a,critics said it is an attempt to cut casino payments.
2960,1,a,how do you know when there is a snowman in  your bed  you wake up wet .
2961,1,a,when i was your age i was outside all day until dark  the batteries on cell phones must have been a lot better back then me .........
2962,1,a,i flip off the rollercoaster camera then buy a mug with the picture on it ride it again flip off the camera again while sipping my mug
2963,0,a,mccain the arizona senator looking to continue gaining ground in new hampshire and curtail romney is standing there took issue with romney is remark that i do speak for the republican wing of the republican party.
2964,0,a,they have been through an extremely traumatic experience hale said.
2965,0,a,although still preliminary his decisions could drastically tilt the policy against future approvals of genetically modified crops said nathalie moll a spokeswoman for europabio an industry group with  members including syngenta pioneer and dow.
2966,1,a,my new year is resolutions.... is going to be x.
2967,0,a,rather is suing cbs corp. for  million in compensatory damages and  million in punitive damages claiming his bosses made him a scapegoat for the controversy that arose over a discredited story about president bush is military service.
2968,0,a,houston and brown married in  when she was at the height of her fame as a grammy-winning superstar known for hits such as i will always love you.
2969,0,a,san diego scored three runs off jeff suppan - in the first but managed only one more run against him in the next five innings.
2970,0,a,iqbal said more than  workers were arrested in raids on their homes across punjab which includes islamabad airport in the past three days.
2971,1,a,that old man an old man knocked on my door and asked for the donation towards the local swimming pool. so i gave him a glass of water.
2972,1,a,what is a burp a fart taking the elevator.
2973,1,a,password insecurity questions . what was your highschool nickname . how would you describe your breath . what is wrong with your toes
2974,0,a,prostitution is something that does involve two people and if the girls are being charged i do think the clients should be as well.
2975,1,a,somebody stole my mood ring im not sure how i feel about it
2976,1,a,what do you call a spoiled cow chunky
2977,0,a,and remember the reason the travel industry gets away with these double standards is that no one bothers to question them.
2978,1,a,if she does not scream yes. in bed... i do not know. maybe start asking her different questions
2979,0,a,in his toast tuesday night bush did not mention france is opposition to the war.
2980,0,a,albany catskill plan opposed - new york times
2981,1,a,what happens to a person when they move out of asia they become dis-oriented.
2982,1,a,if her weight ends in ounces she is too young for you bro
2983,1,a,what is han solo is favorite type of video game first person shooter.
2984,0,a,over the weekend gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the panamanian-flagged golden mori off the socotra archipelago near the horn of africa said andrew mwangura a spokesman for the kenyan-based seafarers assistance program.
2985,1,a,secret to comedy guy  hey. ask me what is is the secret to comedy guy  okay ... what is the sec- guy  timing... sorry if it sucks
2986,1,a,i would attend church a lot more if instead of a tiny cracker the body of christ was a tiny quesadilla.
2987,1,a,what is the difference between jelly and jam [nsfw] i can not jelly my dick in your ass.
2988,0,a,union leaders will be briefed on thursday and friday he said.
2989,1,a,i like jokes that do not take long to read.
2990,1,a,if cancer is ever cured it will probably be because of the people who liked all of the facebook statuses that are against cancer.
2991,0,a,the trip will bring in a much-needed windfall to kenya is cash-strapped museums but the fossils discoverers and researchers -- led by world-renowned kenyan paleo-anthropologist richard leakey -- fear it could cause irreparable damage to the relics.
2992,0,a,tom brady and randy moss set records and the new england patriots put themselves among the greatest sport legends in american history saturday by completing an undefeated season.
2993,0,a,the culture of drinking in the armed forces is revealed in a study by the centre for defence mental health at king’s college london whose findings are published in the addiction journal.
2994,0,a,another  referred to the robot as he arbitrarily assigning the robot a gender.
2995,0,a,musharraf will give up army post
2996,1,a,people who leave voicemails are probably the same people who will wait in line to have someone bag their stuff when self-checkout is free.
2997,1,a,why is santa so jolly because he knows where all the naughty girls live andgt
2998,1,a,the whole pavlov is dog experiment is such a load of bunk im sick of people bringing it up... link this point just hearing the name pavlov makes me mad.
2999,1,a,therapist your notes say that you scare easily and are quite disagreeable. me from behind the couch that is not true.
3000,0,a,the site averages more than  unique users each day who view more than  pages of content.
3001,1,a,what are two things you can not give a black person semi racist a black eye and a fat lip.
3002,0,a,good bets have performed well in consumer reports tests and have better-than-average reliability scores for several model years.
3003,1,a,[dinner party] host clinks glass everyone we are having a baby. whispers to other guest oh come on. i told them i was a vegetarian.
3004,1,a,q what is the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral a one less drunk.
3005,1,a,what was more important than the invention of the first telephone the second telephone.
3006,1,a,i sing in the shower. i think i sound pretty good. the other people in the gym do not agree.
3007,0,a,microsoft corp msft is talking to facebook about buying a minority stake in the fast-growing online social network that could value the company at  billion or more the wall street journal reported on its web site monday.
3008,0,a,bopara is in for the injured andrew flintoff shah replaces panesar and sidebottom is in for dimitri mascarenhas.
3009,0,a,¶custom exotic trips at up to  a night are the vacation style they prefer.
3010,0,a,late sunday about  people braved the cold night air for a torchlit procession from la higuera to vallegrande.
3011,0,a,but whether mr. ahmadinejad wins or loses there is no sense here in iran that the outcome will have any impact on the fundamentals of iran’s relations with the world or the government’s relation to its own society.
3012,1,a,when i see a girl with a lot of makeup i just wanna to use my finger and write `wash me` on her face.
3013,1,a,so rcringepics posted something actually cringeworthy.
3014,1,a,women on their period always ovary act. insert pun here
3015,0,a,hart is michigan’s career rushing leader with  yards ranking fifth in big ten history and has run for at least  yards in the eight games he has been healthy enough to start this season.
3016,0,a,mr. gumbs said the tribe is gathering documents to prove it has been federally recognized including a letter found last month in a new york public library archive sent by a representative from the department of the interior in  identifying local indian tribes.
3017,0,a,his prime minister viktor zubkov ordered tula governor vyacheslav dudka and emergency situations minister sergei shoigu to ensure that survivors are cared for and the causes thoroughly examined russian news agencies reported.
3018,0,a,i was at work when i heard the explosion outside and then all the gunfire he said staring at his parlor carpet monday and fingering his untouched glass of tea.
3019,1,a,which nazi leader likes the bulls the most joseph gobulls.
3020,1,a,there were  peanuts walking down the street... link one was link
3021,1,a,funny how shampoo bottles weigh like  pounds in real life but when dropped in the shower they turn into a meteor.
3022,1,a,a man got back from the doctor i just got back from the doctorand he said im canadian said the man im so sorry replies the man with sympathy shockedthe man shout it is spreading...
3023,0,a,gross margin for wireless value-added services was . for the third quarter of  as compared with . in the previous quarter and . for the third quarter of .
3024,0,a,source five point capital
3025,0,a,at a modern three-bedroom duplex on washington place for  two of the bedrooms were small.
3026,1,a,why was hitler a pussy because he had nein lives.
3027,1,a,whats the difference between a jew and a boy scout boy scouts come home from camp
3028,1,a,how did the hipster burn his tongue he drank his coffee before it was cool..
3029,0,a,on one side is the wide sandy beach on the other are restaurants arcades and t-shirt shops and the hampton beach casino ballroom where recent acts included chris isaak deep purple and the indigo girls.
3030,1,a,clitorusaurus a dinosaur never discovered by man
3031,1,a,a woman is like a suitcase both hard to carry and a pity to throw away.
3032,1,a,how do you make a gay person angry you tell him you have kidnapped his mother and that you want  for her release but when he comes just tell him it was a prank.
3033,0,a,online stores were also slashing prices further to get rid of holiday leftovers.
3034,0,a,the greatest dramatic release comes not from manufactured drama but from that which leads naturally from the characters’ value and place within a larger framework.
3035,0,a,spokesmen from both nato and the coalition said they had no reports of any search operations or civilian deaths in zhari.
3036,0,a,once they were face to face with the seller he planned to call .
3037,0,a,the executive board has decided to go back to the local members and ask their opinions before making a decision stephanie mueller said.
3038,1,a,what is the difference between  million dollars and  million jews i give a fuck if you shove  million dollars in the oven
3039,1,a, yes i need to report an incident what is it mam this. girl. is. on. fire. getting real tired of this crap alicia.
3040,1,a,you ever been to the butcher with the chastity fetish say what you will about the lifestyle but his meat simply can not be beat.
3041,0,a,dehumanisation
3042,1,a,why do pirates like tig welding so much because they have a good supply of arrgon.
3043,1,a,were all addicted to something whats your addiction
3044,0,a,there were no immediate claims of responsibility for the bombing the report said.
3045,0,a,at the apec forum bush was hoping to advance his trade agenda which includes restarting stalled global trade liberalization talks and seeking a longer-term asia-pacific free trade zone.
3046,1,a,detective how were u able to do it serial killer thanks to the flexibility of uber. i was able to work my own hours and still murder
3047,1,a,changing lawyers is like moving to a different  deck chair on the titantic.
3048,1,a,my pet mouse elvis died today he was caught in a trap
3049,0,a,we still have a bit of time up our sleeves.
3050,0,a,and who is the occupant
3051,0,a,youngsters prefer tv to family
3052,0,a,the red sox then rallied after losing the first three games of the al championship series to the yankees and won the next four before sweeping st. louis in the world series.
3053,1,a,damn that lawnmower.... no matter how much i like a film i can only give it one thumb up.
3054,0,a,gge was founded on this premise and has developed systems that are both economical and ecologically beneficial.
3055,0,a,the battery-operated amazon kindle will sell for  and let users download books newspapers and blogs over a wireless connection.
3056,1,a,boss told me to glue  pieces of wood together totally nailed it
3057,0,a,the key focus of the surge was to reduce the savage violence in baghdad that had made normal daily life impossible.
3058,1,a,how do you know if your wife is dead the sex is the same but the dishes start piling up.
3059,1,a,three tampons are walking down the street which one doesnt talk to you none of them they are all stuck up cunts
3060,0,a,but the australian hit her forehand wide twice on her serve to quickly fall behind - in the tie-breaker.
3061,1,a,two computers were having sex all you could hear was      
3062,1,a,what gets wet as it dries your sister
3063,1,a,im very good to my wife everyday i will run the hot water and put the bubbles in for her link to make doing the dishes that bit easier.
3064,0,a,ask yourself ‘can i live without this’
3065,1,a,ancient cryptic thrice-translated self-contradictory texts are the best way to convey moral precepts.
3066,1,a,[hr office] hr you know why you are here right me hr you can not contract down is syndrome and you can not call in sick with it
3067,1,a,in a progressively incestuous household... link is about upping the auntie
3068,1,a,when you have to poop so bad it comes out just as you reach the toilet... that is the shit i do not like.
3069,0,a,the increased net loss also reflects increased sales and marketing and distribution expenses to support the company is commercialization efforts.
3070,0,a,from your parents point of view they keep everything in the family.
3071,1,a,what is that thing called when your crush likes you back oh yeah imagination
3072,1,a,if you believe you can pass a drug test by drinking large amounts of water you are just diluting yourself.
3073,1,a,professional wrestler name office max. signature move three hole punch.
3074,1,a,i found a substance that works like catnip except only for chinese bears i would release it but that would cause pandamoanium.
3075,0,a,since its introduction srs trusurround has shipped worldwide in tens of millions of consumer electronics products such as flat panel tvs surround speaker bars dvd players and set-top boxes.
3076,1,a,my grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was  she is  today... and we do not know where the fuck she is.
3077,1,a,life is life sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium.
3078,0,a,i feel very very emotional coming back to my country bhutto told ap television news at the airport as thousands of supporters of her pakistan people is party massed outside amid a sea of the party is red green and black flags.
3079,1,a,astronauts are the only people who followed through on what they wanted to be when they grew up.
3080,0,a,red rolfe set the record in  for the new york yankees.
3081,1,a,the sergeant-major growled at the young soldier i did not see you at camouflage training this morning. thank you very much sir.
3082,0,a,based on subsequent confessions forensics and other intelligence the bombing was the work of an iranian-backed special groups cell operating here in baghdad.
3083,0,a,research etc.
3084,1,a,i told a very average joke in the cheese aisle today. the crowd went mild.
3085,0,a,investors can obtain copies of the registration statement as well as other filed documents containing information about fairpoint and the proposed merger at link the sec is website.
3086,1,a,where is the lift american you mean the elevator english yes we call it a lift. american it is called an elevator. we invented it. english and we invented the language.
3087,1,a,my tree went missing..... so i took a picture of it and nailed it to a dog.
3088,0,a,but it should be made clear that no one who was engaged in the search for next or big ideas was looking to newt gingrich for smart.
3089,1,a,the girl at the ryanair check-in desk said window or aisle i replied window or you will what
3090,1,a,a black guy and a white guy fall from a tree. who hits the ground first better question would be why were they in the tree in the first place
3091,1,a,my wife sent me an image of herself which really enticed me into coming home from work early. it was a picture of her at the airport.
3092,1,a,what do you call it when you stick a dried grape to the ceiling raisin the roof.
3093,0,a,so far he has done neither.
3094,0,a,lizzie asks.
3095,0,a,the financing was greatly eased by fannie mae and freddie mac which acquired a total of  billion in loans.
3096,0,a,but it was just as satisfying to the broncos - who won their eighth straight home opener and handed the raiders - their th straight loss overall.
3097,1,a,i have trained a cup full of meal-worms to give me sexual pleasure... ...im a master baiter
3098,0,a,they have incentives to behave in a responsible way and if they do there are concrete rewards that would be helpful to them.
3099,1,a,why is the cook worried about catching his runaway pig he knows a little ham goes a long way.
3100,0,a,lust caution called se jie in chinese is competing with the home song stores tuya is marriage getting home and qing fei de yi directed by taiwanese director doze niu for best film.
3101,1,a,make sure to dress extra provocative if you ever find yourself in a th attempt to overturn a criminal conviction you will definitely need that six appeal.
3102,1,a,there is so many things trendy now that have not been popular for a century now... beards suspenders home-births natural produce measles...
3103,0,a,plane makers seal deals at moscow air show
3104,0,a,i will take the  to west ealing again to see if this proves to be the next phase of its history.
3105,1,a,nice job person who came up with bread.
3106,0,a,nobody had told me that i was going to speak.
3107,0,a,so the idea is that like on the subway or on a coffee break or while the kids are down for two minutes you can read a thread really quickly.
3108,1,a,my clothes were traumatically stolen from me. but i have recovered.
3109,0,a,more than  billion in private student loans were issued last year up from  billion a year in .
3110,1,a,i would like to thank my skeletal system for all the support its given me over the years.
3111,1,a,how many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb none because it is already lit fam imsosorry
3112,1,a,i just learned you need five sheep to make a sweater. i did not know they knew how to knit.
3113,1,a,i asked santa for a frisbee when i was a kid.... but i was an only child so he gave me a boomerang.
3114,1,a,i should not have plugged my iphone into the pc at the kitchen it is now in the sync.
3115,1,a,science i rely on observable data and logic. religion i prefer scripture and faith. astrology i like turtles.
3116,1,a,guy tip if your girlfriend has a really annoying friend do not tell her how bothersome she is or to stop being friends with her. just casually mention how attractive she is.
3117,1,a,toothbrush origin i suspect that the toothbrush was invented in the southif it had been invented in the north it would have been called a teethbrush
3118,0,a,the money was necessary to keep the company afloat.
3119,0,a,the extent that some people improved was surprising he says.
3120,0,a,archival records show that nazi troops murdered from  to  jews in dzerzhinsk on oct. .
3121,1,a,did you hear about michael vicks new shoe contract hush puppies.
3122,0,a,here are some events that builders and developers have scheduled for would-be home buyers in the coming weeks.
3123,1,a,why is a fencing sword more likely to commit sexual assault because its a bit rapier.
3124,1,a,if there is one thing my english major girlfriend has taught me it is what a colon does.
3125,1,a,you know what i hate most about n.d.a.s
3126,0,a,brazil is government-run agencia brasil news service said  people were injured while the web site of globo tv said the number reached .
3127,0,a,ford said its decline was because of its voluntary cuts in less-profitable sales to rental car companies.
3128,0,a,rackers kicks cards past falcons in ot
3129,1,a,if eating fish is so good for your brain how come sharks always score so poorly on the sat
3130,1,a,when im about to get in bed i turn my light off and then run and jump into bed so that nothing gets me.
3131,1,a,how many mexicans does it take to build a.... never mind they are done
3132,0,a,as the first town in north carolina to be burned by union troops during the civil war the region is steeped in confederate history with memorials to soldiers of the south in the town square and rebel flags displayed in windows.
3133,1,a,difference between a three ring circus and a strip club one is a cunning array of stunts.
3134,0,a,dignitaries confirmed to attend are don powell chairman of federal coordinator of gulf coast rebuilding u.s. senator mary landrieu u.s. congressman charles boustany louisiana state senator willie landry-mount louisiana attorney general charles c. foti jr. and lake charles mayor randy roach.
3135,0,a,mr. yerman  describes himself as a liberal sofer adding i am here to be a guide and educator.
3136,1,a,i hate when the definition of a word has other words that i have to look up also.
3137,1,a,what do you call a teenage boy who turns into a vampire before he gets bit premature edraculation
3138,0,a,in san bernardino county a man suspected of starting a small fire was arrested and another man was shot to death by police after he fled officers who approached to see if he might be trying to set a fire.
3139,0,a,by anita kumar washington post staff writer wednesday november   b
3140,0,a,with one constitutional scholar on our program who wondered if just the vote by itself might not constitute a kind of declaration or even act of war.
3141,1,a,it is hard to write a good drinking song. i can never make it past the first few bars.
3142,0,a,they are all dead now.
3143,1,a,til they discovered a gay dinosaur it was a megasoreass
3144,0,a,the pool is asymmetrical and perched on a ridge overlooking the valley.
3145,1,a,my performance as guy who acts disgusted when wife says our recently divorced neighbor is dating a  year old is getting early emmy buzz.
3146,0,a,hence the stress on free and fair elections to take the political forces on board and widen the support base for the army is actions.
3147,1,a,the writers for the office have drifted out of touch with modern office life. nobody is employed anymore.
3148,1,a,the wife said she is leaving me because she is sick of doing absolutely everything for me. if you are wondering why she is typed everything in capitalsit is to emphasize the point.
3149,1,a,why do cows think cooks are mean they whip cream.
3150,0,a,the truck was driven by a contractor shuttling spare parts and mail between sweden and a military base in serbia is embattled kosovo province sweden is the local newspaper reported.
3151,0,a,honda have taken a lead i would like to see other teams and sports follow what they have done.
3152,1,a,anyone here know of gaddafi probably not. he is pretty underground.
3153,0,a,making donations to temples is a traditional way of showing respect.
3154,0,a,it was a pretence you kept up for  years.
3155,1,a,what do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard pillow fight
3156,0,a,dinamo zagreb v ajax
3157,1,a,once you go black you can always go back to having coffee with milk there is really no set in stone rules here.
3158,1,a,how many redditors does it take to change a light bulb well... none. but their friend did once.
3159,0,a,the iraqi government has also said that many of those who carry out suicide attacks in iraq come from saudi arabia.
3160,1,a,why did the girls in requiem for a dream go ass to ass they were just trying to make ends meet.
3161,0,a,citigroup c.n quote profile research bank of america bac.n quote profile research and jpmorgan chase jpm.n quote profile research said last month they would set up the pooled asset fund to be called master liquidity enhancement conduit or m-lec to prevent sivs being forced to sell off those assets in the absence of short-term financing.
3162,0,a,i think it is more domestic politics playing to interest groups than backdoor foreign policy said george washington university professor of international affairs henry nau.
3163,1,a,what do you call a pile of kittens a meowtain.
3164,1,a,i saw a front page post today about a woman who has not experienced a period in  years. that is one long sentence.
3165,1,a,why are there never any cool side affects from drugs like this drug may cause severe sexiness
3166,0,a,a lorry driver from kent has forced the government to rewrite guidance for schools that want to show al gore’s climate change film an inconvenient truth.
3167,1,a,what would ed sheeran taste like on a piece of toast gingerbread
3168,1,a,a guy walks into a bar with jumper cables... the bartender says you can have a drink but ya better not start anything
3169,1,a,why did the chicken cross the road it was going to... al is toybarn.
3170,0,a,april may become the new september when it comes to deciding whether to bring u.s. troops home from iraq if president bush is senior advisers have their way.
3171,1,a,ah corduroy.... u are truley the ruffles chips of pants
3172,1,a,show me a man with both feet firmly on the ground and i will show you a man who can not get his pants off.
3173,1,a,the whole purpose of travel is to return home and discover what your house actually smells like.
3174,1,a,oui.. -french canadian on a water slide.
3175,1,a,i have been getting into astronomy so i installed a skylight... the people who live above me are furious.
3176,0,a,the site has gotten  million page views in the last two weeks and now elicits around around a thousand mostly angry emails a day.
3177,0,a,facing little competition the companies had  contracts with municipalities and other clients worth . million in the past eight years according to the puerto rican comptroller is office.
3178,1,a,what do you call it when someone eats too much wheat glutteny.
3179,0,a,im extremely proud of them and of my family and everyone that is supported me to get me where i am.
3180,0,a,the index was officially launched under the current rules with real-time calculations in april  although the back-history of the index dates back to .
3181,1,a,man with beerbelly waiting outside elementary school teacher walks towards man are you expecting a child no thats from all the beer
3182,0,a,e-mail link
3183,1,a,did you hear the one about the constipated accountant he could not budget.
3184,1,a,i beat my chess opponent in less than five moves with a baseball bat.
3185,0,a,uae - iraq  meeting
3186,0,a,this was an attack by the khartoum government and allied janjaweed militias to send a message to the international community not to send troops al-nur alleged.
3187,0,a,so i will pledge this
3188,1,a,what is the best thing about bruce jenner [removed]
3189,1,a,why do flamingos stand on one leg because if they did not they would fall over.
3190,0,a,we’re interested in a good decision not a good headline said jennifer wood a spokeswoman for the agency.
3191,0,a,you may be surprised.
3192,0,a,this energy has sparked the imagination of scottish engineers such as richard yemm the inventor of the pelamis wave power device stephen...
3193,0,a,i personally think that sanzar need to freshen up the tournament and they know that themselves.
3194,0,a,non-profit research center finds that nation is second largest mall owner drains hundreds of millions of dollars from local governments and schools
3195,1,a,kevin and stuart both named bob as the sole beneficiary in their wills.... they made him a multi minion heir
3196,0,a,palin directed state transportation officials to find the most fiscally responsible alternative for access to the airport.
3197,0,a,but the impact of the one-day work stoppage organized by immigrant advocacy group mexicans without borders appeared to be limited as construction sites restaurants and retail stores hummed with business as usual.
3198,1,a,did you hear they found a dead ice cream vendor covered in sprinkles police are saying he topped himself.
3199,0,a,if it is true it hurts o.j. tremendously said edward miley lawyer for co-defendant charles cashmore who also has agreed to a plea deal.
3200,0,a,jayasuriya on receiving end as pakistan crush sri lanka
3201,0,a,major brands in the company is portfolio include corona extra black velvet canadian whisky the svedka vodka line robert mondavi wines ravenswood blackstone hardys banrock station nobilo kim crawford inniskillin jackson-triggs and arbor mist.
3202,1,a,what is the best way to search a linen store undercover.
3203,0,a,i met with major league baseball representatives [monday] and was happy to answer all of their questions gibbons was quoted as saying in the sun. . . .
3204,1,a,a cow stumbled upon a marijuana field about to get harvested. it quickly turned into a high steak situation.
3205,1,a,what will fast food workers say in trump is amerika arbeit macht freis with that
3206,1,a,oh i will be your relationship status alright... -me sleeping outside this taco bell
3207,1,a,did you hear about the irish firing squad they formed a circle.
3208,0,a,the north korea threat is always sort of the ghost at the banquet at these discussions.
3209,0,a,possible tornado damages  florida homes
3210,1,a,what did the man say when the calculator agreed to help him load the car i knew i could count on you
3211,1,a,india launched a rocket to mars this morning. that is a heck of a place to put a call centre.
3212,0,a,elad properties link
3213,1,a,what is the problem with north korea it has no seoul..
3214,1,a,i workout religiously about once or twice around the holidays
3215,0,a,in a statement this month the fda reports that a new regulation addressing uva protection is currently in its final clearance and will likely be released by the end of the summer.
3216,1,a,me breaks down door wife wtf are you doing m home invasion. w omg stop breaking our house when you want sex. m soooooo w no
3217,1,a,if you love someone let them go. if they come back they probly forgot their keys or something and yikes that is gonna be an awkward  seconds.
3218,1,a,did you hear the one about the peanut who rode the subway he was a salted. sexually. he was a salted sexually. . . .there is nothing funny about that.
3219,0,a,louis - najeh davenport is a career backup running back with typical non-descript statistics.
3220,1,a,if an honest man says he has to use the bathroom he is full of shit.
3221,0,a,palestinian president mahmoud abbas condemned the plan calling it an oppressive decision.
3222,0,a,the huge rise in this crime is to feed the thirst of india and china’s construction industry.
3223,0,a,assuming the rights offering is fully subscribed the company will receive gross proceeds of approximately  million less expenses of the rights offering.
3224,1,a,some dogs can find bodies that have been buried for years and mine can not even find a cracker that hit him in the face on the way to the floor
3225,0,a,reignmaker communications is the world is first end-to-end communications provider enabling small to medium-sized business customers with comprehensive communication and technology services on both sides of the traditional demarcation line via its nationwide flagship product reignmaker reign- freetm hosted voice service.
3226,1,a,today i saw a sign for a suicide helpline on the back of a bus. i could not help but think it would work much better on the front.
3227,0,a,carvedilol is indicated for the treatment of mild-to-severe heart failure of ischemic or cardiomyopathic origin usually in addition to diuretics ace inhibitor and digitalis.
3228,1,a,if your father is a priest could you call him father dad shit thought shit joke.
3229,0,a,edinburgh scotland sept.  upi -- walter francis john montagu douglas scott britain is duke of buccleuch died this week at his estate in the scottish borders at the age of .
3230,0,a,pakistan-watchers in washington suggest that the administration is patience is wearing thin and every day that gen pervez musharraf refuses to back down on the state of emergency places him in direct conflict with the us.
3231,0,a,now ryan is focusing on bigger toys like baby dolls and stuffed animals -- items her children can not swallow.
3232,0,a,there is obviously some kind of true cosmic connection with that music of the ’s and the ’s.
3233,1,a,experts say caffeine is bad for you fat is bad you sugar is bad for you... but do not worry worrying is also bad for you too.
3234,0,a,her defense attorney requested only probation.
3235,0,a,an airport spokeswoman said the suspect walked up to one of the public information kiosks in terminal c. a person behind the desk noticed the woman was wearing what she described as a circuit board with putty and wires attached to it.
3236,1,a,i bought a pair of shoes from a drug dealer today. i do not know what he laced them with but i have been tripping all day.
3237,1,a,where can you find lubricant in the library in the non-friction section.
3238,0,a,in addition to surveying the area for hazards customers can avoid accidents and injury by following these safety tips  be aware of the clearance your equipment needs when truck beds are elevated or harvester arms are fully extended or raised.  keep all equipment at least  feet away from overhead power lines guy wires and utility poles.  report any activity that might have damaged or undermined the stability of a utility pole including damaged guy wires or severe erosion.  if your farm equipment has snagged an overhead power line remain inside the equipment.
3239,1,a,i prefer protestant orange juice to catholic orange juice... it is pulp-free
3240,1,a,my greatest acting performance is when i check the caller id then adopt an air of polite curiosity as i answer the phone hello
3241,1,a,i follow anyone who has + in their bio. im waiting for them to post the second half of the math problem.
3242,1,a,why can not i eat just one cookie and be happy
3243,0,a,connecticut cash  —     
3244,0,a,we are at a critical juncture for agriculture with the reauthorization of the farm bill still not completed said sen. ben nelson d-neb.
3245,0,a,me inc. and the associated logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of the sco group inc. in the u.s. and other countries.
3246,1,a,it is a serious lego project when the st thing my yo does is take off his shirt and gets me a beer from the fridge.
3247,1,a,i always love the reaction i get after i cannonball into a public pool. omg where is my baby.
3248,1,a,wife ca not we just buy a bigger catflap me [buttering the cat] we are not made of money karen
3249,0,a,as the military pressure continued the government called a cabinet meeting for wednesday to discuss possible economic measures against groups supporting the kurdish rebels private cnn-turk and ntv television reported.
3250,1,a,what separates humans and animals the mediterranean sea.
3251,0,a,he exercises editorial control on major issues - like which party to back in a general election or policy on europe.
3252,0,a,emergency law is a big obstacle in the way of a free and fair election.
3253,0,a,philadelphia nov.  — when the shootout began rangers goaltender henrik lundqvist had changed.
3254,0,a,jump the shark - new york times
3255,0,a,the yield on the -year treasury note which moves opposite its price slid to . percent from . percent late wednesday.
3256,0,a,cardiff reuters - welshman joe calzaghe produced a masterful display to beat denmark is mikkel kessler on points in an absorbing world super-middleweight unification fight in the early hours of sunday morning.
3257,1,a,how to piss off a female archaeologist... hand her a used tampon and ask her what period it is from.
3258,1,a,teacher to student why are you looking at the monkey outside the window when i am here. what sentence seemingly appropriate makes you burst into laughter
3259,1,a,when i drink alcohol everyone says that im an alcoholic. but when i drink fanta no one says that im fantastic.
3260,1,a,what type of fruit do twins prefer pears.
3261,1,a,if you are looking for sympathy you will find it in the dictionary between shit and syphilis
3262,1,a,what kind of tea is hard to swallow reality
3263,0,a,aziz stressed that despite the emergency measure musharraf is government is committed to pursuing our parliamentary form of government and making sure elections are held.
3264,0,a,mr mosisili won a second five-year term in may .
3265,0,a,police are still appealing for witnesses.
3266,1,a,how about the no bucket challenge basically you just give a charity some money and do not tell anyone about it.
3267,0,a,they refused.
3268,0,a,macedonia will be without injured lazio forward goran pandev  who has hit  goals in  appearances for his country.
3269,0,a,varshock and his son followed the firefighters.
3270,0,a,rennes headed into the encounter having lost their last six games and gladly took a share of the spoils after being dominated throughout the tie by the home side who had a goal disputably disallowed just before the break.
3271,0,a,however she then said people talk and they say what they want at the end of the day you know in the tabloids and in the magazines she said.
3272,0,a,he has principles and character and intellect.
3273,1,a,what candy is traditionally served at a jewish wedding. mazel toffee.
3274,0,a,mr. romney also spent . million in the actual production of his advertisements.
3275,1,a,finding a date on the internet is so much easier than real life because how are they supposed to know that is not your ferrari
3276,0,a,for the cost of less than  days in iraq we can provide schip coverage for  million children for one year.
3277,0,a,but above all his clear voice and his prized diction made him beloved by millions.
3278,0,a,militants kill  off-duty israeli soldiers
3279,0,a,mr giuliani is leading the republican race by  per cent to fred thompson’s  per cent with john mccain and mitt romney following close behind according to polls.
3280,1,a,what lies upside down a hundred feet in the air a dead centipede.
3281,0,a,calls to lori jonas newton is spokeswoman in los angeles were not immediately returned.
3282,0,a,speaking at the opening of a major international meeting on iraq he said that iraq should not be a base for attacks against neighbours.
3283,1,a,why did princess diana cross the street because she was not wearing a seatbelt
3284,0,a,bluntly listeners don’t have to pay for recorded music there are free versions online as there are already of in rainbows which was distributed without any attempt to thwart copying.
3285,1,a,do you know why one side of the v is slightly larger when birds fly together because there are more birds on that side.
3286,1,a,[spider sits at computer and googles probability of being eaten by human in his lifetime] holy shit sharon come see this
3287,0,a,navini is combination of standards-based beamforming with mimo is called smart wimax.
3288,1,a,what does a vulture bring with him on the airplane his carrion bag.
3289,0,a,his lawyer howard greenberg said he would have faced up to  years in prison if convicted on all  counts in the indictment.
3290,0,a,the british expat who lives with his mother jenny murat less than m from where the four-year-old went missing in the portuguese village of praia da luz has been under police restrictions for five months including a ban on giving interviews.
3291,1,a,a really effective car insurance ad would just show pics of lindsay lohan and amanda bynes and say because these girls have licenses.
3292,1,a,what do you call a dinosaur you just insulted t-rekt.
3293,1,a,just bumped into my old french teacher and she asked me what im up to now. i told her i go to the cinema and play football with my brother.
3294,1,a,is there some organization that evaluates the quality of shea butter because if so it could have fifty grades of shea.
3295,0,a,the court uses the entire building that is three floors and includes three courtrooms.
3296,0,a,he said habana is obviously a massive talent.
3297,0,a,study finds central bank’s inflation outlook matches that of private sector
3298,0,a,molina is  for  . since joining the yankees in late july and he was behind the plate for all three games of a series sweep in cleveland last month.
3299,0,a,this article link
3300,0,a,the double-decker coach with  people on board went up in flames shortly after am on the am near dumfries.
3301,1,a,people are rough on gym teachers but let is not forget all the years they spend in college learning how to yell a last name in a scary way.
3302,0,a,this week is negotiations focus mainly on economic cooperation projects including setting up a joint fishing area around their disputed western sea border and establishing a joint economic area on the north is southwestern coast.
3303,0,a,mastro is a regular at weekly campaign meetings as a legal adviser joe lhota a cable executive who was new york city is budget director has been tasked with talking to reporters about giuliani is record as mayor rudy washington a former deputy mayor who suffers from respiratory ailments resulting from the time he spent at ground zero after sept.  is chairman of the new york city campaign.
3304,1,a,how do you make a journalist laugh by giving them ar-ticles.
3305,1,a,donald trump is first act in office will probably be to illegalize all shredded cheese. he will make america grate again.
3306,0,a,after all he is not getting any younger having he said passed the  mark a few years back.
3307,1,a,[st day as lifeguard] guy there is someone drowning in the water me [not looking up from phone] well it would be hard to drown in the sand
3308,0,a,currently oil producers are turning out about  million barrels a day while the u.s. department of energy says consumption is between  million and  million barrels a day.
3309,0,a,yo. read one blog comment.
3310,0,a,the new destination snow packages reflect this growing industry trend and provide significant savings and selection for travelers seeking the best deals of the season on lift tickets accommodations and exclusive airfare offers.
3311,1,a,just ate two bacon cheeseburgers so if anyone wants to come rob me i will not be getting up.
3312,1,a,it is crazy how my ex was so upset about losing me that he had to build a life with a new woman.
3313,0,a,the private sector is not interested in this type of low-profit research he said.
3314,0,a,after the stitching operation nasa engineers used remote controls to slowly unfurl the solar panel to its full extension of  meters  feet -- when it snagged it was at  percent of its full length.
3315,1,a,what state did the programmer start her road trip in maine
3316,0,a,the owners of the g.m. building harry macklowe and his son william s. macklowe are trying to go their tenants one better.
3317,0,a,the bank opened for business in october  and serves businesses and consumers across macomb oakland wayne and st. clair counties with a full range of lending deposit trust wealth management and internet banking services.
3318,1,a,me. throws coat over a puddle her. wtf are you doing with my coat
3319,0,a,originally it was thought that the giant fund called a master liquidity enhancement conduit or m-lec might raise as much as  billion to buy assets from the sivs.
3320,1,a,what do you call a psychic compromise a happy medium. sorry a played around with the wording of this a lot and could not find anything better. please suggest a better phrasing.
3321,0,a,even critics have said conditions at the center have improved markedly since the lawsuit was filed in march citing expanded outdoor recreation time and educational opportunities and the elimination of a requirement that children wear institutional uniforms.
3322,0,a,holloway also said that she feared her chances of finding out what happened to natalee were fading away.
3323,0,a,eric lindros once the n.h.l.’s most valuable player retired yesterday in his hometown of london ontario ending a career derailed by a series of concussions and other injuries.
3324,0,a,study leaders dr. michael j. leonardi of the david geffen school of medicine at the university of california at los angeles said that in  a total of  million americans searched for health information on the internet and of those  percent searched for information on specific hospitals and physicians.
3325,1,a,man lies on death bed but it can not be my time. i link much link criticism to give...
3326,0,a,he has refused to say exactly where it was found or name the mine and its owners.
3327,1,a,married girls are so lucky. they can post anything they want on here because they already tricked some dumb guy into marrying them.
3328,1,a,when i watch the walking dead i can not help but think those zombies are in way better shape than me.
3329,1,a,if you plant a block of ramen noodles in the ground and water it with cold ones every day it will grow into a college kid. it is science.
3330,0,a,forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause the company is actual results in future periods to differ materially from forecasted results.
3331,1,a,i think we all know who the big fat loser was tonight... rosie odonnell
3332,1,a,if i had a nickel for every time someone called me ocd i would have  dollars and  cents.
3333,1,a,crazy man has sex with machine at laundromat and evades police nut screws washer and bolts
3334,0,a,the many illustrious men and women that peopled the pages of these early annals have become part of our national story she added.
3335,1,a,what did one passive aggressive republican say to the passive aggressive democrat i do not know let me go check my facebook feed.
3336,0,a,and if we get rid of those movies then it is like looking at advertising everything i want to be.
3337,0,a,trick or treat a homeland security embarassment
3338,0,a,investors also remain concerned about third-quarter earnings and rising energy costs.
3339,1,a,why did hillary clinton cross the road probably offensive 
3340,1,a,if abraham lincoln was alive today... he would be desperately clawing at the lid of his coffin.
3341,1,a,what country has many sugar sweetzerland
3342,0,a,branshaw leads viking classic by two strokes
3343,1,a,a dyslexic optometrist diagnosed a patient with stigmata.
3344,0,a,anyone who has ridden amtrak lately especially anyone familiar with rail travel in europe or japan should be able to see that it needs help.
3345,1,a,butts do not like lies.
3346,1,a,text from my nana what is a diss track do not worry about it u prune gash
3347,0,a,ratchford quit california is ritz-carlton at half moon bay to oversee the changes unveiled this summer.
3348,0,a,he said his foundation is teaming up with wal-mart stores inc. to save cities money on environmentally friendly supplies by buying in bulk.
3349,1,a,i feel wrong i think im having a dyslexic stroke. i cant smell anything on the left side of my body and i feel toast.
3350,0,a,goalies_dallas turco --  shots- saves.
3351,1,a,ever hear about the lost vikings ask the seahawks.
3352,1,a,it is  do you know what that means. it means only  minutes left to get  hours of work done.
3353,1,a,what do you call a gay man from the deep south a homo-sex-yall
3354,1,a,what is the difference between a dwarven packrat and a venereal disease one is a runt with a cache.
3355,1,a,did you hear about the obese woman who got a job at a bank she was a four-chin teller.
3356,1,a,whats the difference between a man and a government bond the bond matures.
3357,0,a,all were arrested under the prevention of terrorism act.
3358,1,a,when people shorten words for no reason it makes me want to commit murds.
3359,0,a,i think what we have here is a little social concern in the nfl.
3360,1,a,a man walks into a bar with harambe bartender what can i get you  harambe i will have a beer. man no he will have just ice. bartender just ice man yes justice for harambe.
3361,1,a,what do you call a witch who drives really badly a road hag.
3362,0,a,a draft u.s. rebuttal version specifically directs the investigator among other things to look at whether aid delivered by undp or on behalf of other u.n. agencies in north korea was diverted to other purposes and specifically asked for a probe of the timing and circumstances of undp’s decision to notify the u.s. about the counterfeit currency.
3363,0,a,detroit      
3364,1,a,i posted a joke about a coffin before on reddit it got buried
3365,1,a,i once had a girl who wanted to shit on my chest she really did a number on me
3366,0,a,the resource is the mainstay of the economy and the country has tried to increase financial transparency in the sector.
3367,1,a,my goth dad license plate is not a vanity plate it is a coincidence. random string of letters. could ve happened to a dad without eyeliner
3368,1,a,what is the difference between a cock and a penis a cock is an animal. penis is a male sexual organ.
3369,0,a,rather the dollar is staying weak within a given range tani said.
3370,1,a,what was david bowie is last hit probably morphine
3371,1,a,a single gene that is dramatically different in chimpanzees and humans may explain why apes cannot talk. oh well at least they can still communicate through rap music.
3372,1,a,oh you left me a voicemail next time just tape a note to the door of the apartment i moved out of six years ago.
3373,0,a,generally the bellicose comments are not particularly helpful he said but added that said we have to make sure that there is no mistake here on the part of the iranians about our resolve in tending to business in the region.
3374,1,a,does this leaf make me look fat - eve.
3375,0,a,hudson and marshall makes purchasing foreclosed property through the auction method easy and fun.
3376,0,a,the court also will wade into electoral politics in a few cases.
3377,0,a,the national trust has .m members and  volunteers.
3378,0,a,without that no plan will work.
3379,0,a,john mcdonnell chief operating officer at tequila maker patron spirits noted sales seem to have picked up in the past week -- a sign that the numbers may be higher than the industry expected.
3380,1,a,how many gorillas does it take to change a lightbulb only one but it takes a shitload of lightbulbs.
3381,1,a,what is the difference between oral sex and anal sex one makes your whole week the other makes your hole weak.
3382,0,a,the judge ruled on november   that recent case law clarified that the jury had received erroneous instructions regarding willful infringement.
3383,0,a,if yes how
3384,1,a,im writing a book about how people can free themselves from taking pictures of themselves. it is a selfie-help book.
3385,1,a,you can not go by good looks as not everything is as it seems. remember the trojan horse snow white is apple and your ex.
3386,0,a,shares in scottish and newcastle leapt by  per cent to p valuing the company at £ billion as the two bidders admitted discussions were taking place regarding a bid which they said if made is likely to be in made in cash.
3387,1,a,there is a new batman coming out but batman is being played by an asian his alter-ego bruce wang.
3388,0,a,that comment drew boos from the mostly liberal audience—and campaign rivals are not likely to let the issue go away.
3389,1,a,the main reason why harambe the gorilla was shot it was black
3390,1,a,how do cows go from one town to another they cowmmute.
3391,1,a,did i tell you the one about the maize nevermind it is too corny.
3392,1,a,i have been hit by a car before you do not want to go down that road.
3393,0,a,the home championship between england scotland wales and northern ireland was scrapped in  due to increasing fixture congestion.
3394,1,a,if i went back in time i would tell myself... do not wait until  to become a stripper. you get to be naked drunk and get paid for it.
3395,1,a,hey girl is your ph  because you are really fucking basic.
3396,1,a,what is the difference between a black person and cancer cancer got jobs
3397,0,a,the scheme has a huge deficit of £.bn partly because the company belatedly increased its estimate of how long its staff would live after retirement.
3398,0,a,he had previously said he would stay in the presidential race through iowa is first-in-the-nation presidential caucuses in january but would drop out of the field if he finished worse than fourth there.
3399,1,a,what do they call a bunch of mississippi football players standing in a circle holding hands a dope ring.
3400,1,a,a man walked into his house... a man walked into his house and was delighted when he discovered that someone had stolen all of his lamps.
3401,1,a,a blind person walks in to a bar.
3402,0,a,the group said the write-downs were mainly due to its in-house hedge fund dillon read capital management and losses from its mortgage backed securities business which was heavily exposed to the sub-prime markets.
3403,1,a,it was just yesterday where it was a requirement to say grace before every meal... now the only importance before a meal  is making sure you get glamour shot for instagram.
3404,1,a,instead of sending friends christmas cards is it ok if i return the ones i got and just add the words me too
3405,1,a,what do princess diana and pink floyd have in common their last great hit was the wall.
3406,1,a,i eat my chinese food just like any other american with chopsticks one grain of rice at a time.
3407,0,a,the yield on the benchmark -year treasury note which moves opposite its price rose to . percent from . percent late tuesday.
3408,1,a,why does snoop dogg use an umbrella for drizzle.
3409,1,a,did you hear about that new supervillain the weather man i hear he is taking the world by storm
3410,0,a,outside by the entrance four large words have been placed on the brick wall diabeacon it reads riggio galleries.
3411,1,a,remember if you see a tie on my doorknob it means im taking the door to prom
3412,0,a,the investigator noted that it took  minutes for a search to begin in that case as the lifeguard had not seen the victim and because of a need for a translator.
3413,1,a,idea for getting laid have a friend on the east coast write down jeopardy answers then invite your flame over and blow their mind.
3414,1,a,how was the copper wire invented two jews were fighting over a penny.
3415,1,a,what is grey and never needs ironing  a drip dry elephant .
3416,0,a,the hornets ended a two-game losing streak using runs of - at end of the first half and - in the third quarter to control the game.
3417,0,a,as readers point out you will find the benefits explained on the web sites of gay-marriage proponents.
3418,1,a,what do you call a slutty dinosaur a tricerathot
3419,0,a,police are set to block the avenue of the stars for the demonstration which is scheduled for  a.m. to noon pst.
3420,1,a,hey baby did it hurt when you fell from heaven-how to pick up satan
3421,1,a,what do you call it when a spider gets a pimple arachne
3422,0,a,the entry was sealed with plywood.
3423,1,a,why is it so hard to find marathon and triathlon reviews in germany well you know what happened last time they picked a race...
3424,0,a,i think i won her over eventually.
3425,1,a,embraces diversity diversity i have a boyfriend
3426,1,a,may your old acquaintances be forgotten and never brought to mind. -sir smirnoff
3427,0,a,it came.
3428,0,a,the  republicans on the two senate committees running the hearing were all white men and were in the middle while the  democratic members all but one black or hispanic were relegated to the far ends of the hearing table.
3429,0,a,khaled al-sharif and another libyan known only as rabai were captured in peshawar pakistan in  and spent time in a cia prison in afghanistan he said.
3430,1,a,forget the home alone parents forgetting their kid. why the hell do they own a bunch of mannequins
3431,1,a,how many bear arms could bear grylls bear to bear if bear grylls could bear to bear bear arms bear
3432,1,a,i recommend all apple users turn off the icloud function on their devices... not only are you at risk of your nude photos leaking but now you are at risk of getting the new u album too.
3433,1,a,all these recent david cameron jokes have left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
3434,1,a,here is one of my favorite iranian jokes translated to english for all of you to enjoy go fuck yourself
3435,1,a,it is everybodies favourite day of the year world ibd day. ah shit im missing a colon
3436,1,a,i like to cover my tracks by ending all my google searches with the word hypothetically
3437,1,a,i once accidentally sent a dick pic to everyone in my address book. it was embarrassing and cost a fortune in stamps.
3438,1,a,the amount of duplicates on this subreddit
3439,0,a,lindsey now  refused multiple requests for an interview.
3440,0,a,rli achieved . million of underwriting income in the third quarter of  on a . combined ratio compared to . million of underwriting income on an . combined ratio in the third quarter of .
3441,1,a,apparently my friends came up with this joke about my penis but nobody will tell me it... they keep telling me it is too long
3442,0,a,any time you win you are doing just fine.
3443,0,a,mckenzie a -year veteran has returned two of his three interceptions for touchdowns and was chosen as a pro bowl alternate.
3444,1,a,in the presidential election who does the elephant vote for donald trunk.
3445,1,a,most people do not realize that iron man.. is a fe-male.
3446,0,a,degeneres said she spent  having the dog neutered and trained to be with her cats.
3447,0,a,mccain is town halls have a martial quality this time around.
3448,1,a,if the gas station is  miles away.. link my dad is car can travel at mph why has not he returned from getting cigarettes after  years
3449,1,a,you and a friend jack go horse back riding. jack is short and cannot get off his horse. would you help jack off his horse..
3450,1,a,why did beethoven get rid of his chickens because they kept saying bach bach bach
3451,0,a,along the way he is churned up more than paint.
3452,1,a,why did the girl gorilla engaged to the invisible man call off the wedding because in the last analysis she just could not see it.
3453,0,a,iran does not recognize israel and wants the establishment of a palestinian state with jerusalem as its capital.
3454,0,a,cleveland oct.  prnewswire-usnewswire -- nortech northeast ohio is leading technology-based economic development organization is proud to announce that the state science and technology institute ssti the national organization for technology-based economic development has selected ohio as the location for its th annual conference.
3455,0,a,sheik rashid ahmed the minister for railways also denied that aides to general musharraf had met with mr. sharif in london.
3456,1,a,what is a pirates favorite letter arrrr but his true love be the sea
3457,0,a,it means being clear about what you want to do and what the organisation has to do.
3458,1,a,to everybody whose birthday is today. i am sorry that your birthday was not yesterday otherwise you would have had a puny birthday.
3459,0,a,mr. callahan could not say whether there were outstanding demands from the chinese government for information from yahoo or whether yahoo would react the same today to a demand for information from the chinese government.
3460,1,a,what has six legs and goes hodeedo hodeedo three black guys about to miss the elevator
3461,0,a,i truly love being with the pigs.
3462,1,a,how did the bootician style the ghost is hair  with a scare dryer.
3463,0,a,ministers prepared the ground for a dramatic expansion in the number of faith schools promising to remove unnecessary barriers for religious groups that want to provide state education.
3464,0,a,civic platform also says poland should drive a tough bargain in return for hosting a missile defense base which the u.s. wants to install as part of a shield offering some protection in europe and beyond for long-range missiles launched from iran.
3465,0,a,cruising speed  knots engines  hp diesels crew 
3466,1,a,had a discussion with my boss about how lanyards can strangle.... conversation took a turn.... i am either fired or getting a huge raise x
3467,0,a,if that proves true the united states would be treaty-bound to pull the contractors from war zones the los angeles times reported monday.
3468,1,a,a long joke joooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooke
3469,0,a,lee started in place of randolph on friday night in sacramento and scored a career-high  points.
3470,1,a,im emotionally constipated i have not given a shit in days.
3471,1,a,if love did not hurt it would not be called link would be called tacos.
3472,0,a,i have never met any of the new foreign recruits says -year-old alpa shah from pune university.
3473,0,a,a -month-old toddler from queensland also was receiving medical help after eating the beads the state is chief health officer jeannette young told the australian broadcasting corp.
3474,1,a,i do not think my blind date was blind she read the menu and caught the basketball i threw at her
3475,0,a,this auction proves that dotmobi has some of the most-wanted domain names in the world and it is exciting to start seeing how they will be used for content.
3476,0,a,our favorite the cocaine was not hers because lindsay was not sure whose clothes she was wearing said a family friend.
3477,1,a,what kind of haircut does the black judge have jury curls
3478,0,a,rodriguez also laughed it off after the game.
3479,0,a,warwak had told his students not to tell their parents teachers or school administrators what was discussed in the lessons and he himself refused to answer questions from school officials on the subject.
3480,0,a,he has reserved his plea.
3481,1,a,the light above my desk is going out. i feel like i have been at a really boring rave for the last  hours.
3482,0,a,some fund-raisers are already envisioning rally-type events that would charge attendees a small fee.
3483,0,a,thomson is preparing for an . billion takeover of the reuters group a london-based provider of news and financial data next year pending european and american regulatory approval.
3484,0,a,bachelet has emphasized education and given her minister yasna provoste considerable leeway in restructuring it.
3485,1,a,what do you call it when a king gets a vasectomy a heir cut
3486,1,a,hubby is head seems like it is almost twice the size of mine. we are never having children.
3487,0,a,chickens all over the highway lancaster pa. dec.  upi -- a tractor-trailer driver was going too fast when he hit a sharp turn and lost his load spilling thousands of chickens on a pennsylvania road police said.
3488,1,a,what happened when the italian chef died he pasta away
3489,0,a,london oct.  — representatives from top oil-producing countries blamed a combination of financial speculation geopolitical instability and a shortfall in refining capacity for the steady advance of oil toward  a barrel.
3490,0,a,there was no indication of a gang connection he said.
3491,1,a,where do you find a five year old with no legs exactly where you left him
3492,1,a,why did the sperm cross the road because i put in the wrong pair of socks this morning.
3493,0,a,mr seifert says that esop - using protest tactics - has managed to get a few mortgage companies to sign a deal agreeing a uniform set of criteria to decide whether someone is mortgage qualifies for renegotiation rather than foreclosure.
3494,0,a,doctors in germany saved the life of a baby by performing what they claim is the first-of-its-kind fetal surgery.
3495,0,a,the fight for control of santa cruz is viru viru airport arose from a dispute over whether local or national officials would collect landing fees from an american airlines jet.
3496,1,a,missing condoms
3497,1,a,a  year old man goes to buy a car.... and all he can afford is a base model civic.
3498,0,a,then there will be a tipping point -- the insurance company is going to require the robot drives.
3499,0,a,you have got  days to act here before you have to get the court.
3500,0,a,rushing_southern cal link - gable - havili - link - mcknight - bradford - sanchez - booty - minus .
3501,1,a,what does a pediatrist do when you ask them which body part they find most interesting they admit de feet.
3502,1,a,yo mama is so dumb she stuck a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
3503,1,a,strip search ... ok but im going to need some background music.
3504,0,a,the words flash out and then fade like something from the cut-up prose of william s. burroughs or the disjointed americana of john ashbery
3505,1,a,a beautiful blonde walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre. so the barman gives her one.
3506,0,a,abdullahi does admit that his first helicopter lacks some basic facilities like devices for measuring atmospheric pressure altitude humidity and the like.
3507,0,a,when my husband and i decided to marry he’d already handed on the family’s heirloom ring to an earlier wife.
3508,0,a,the government is frantic search for judges to fill the vacancies is running into problems.
3509,0,a,five-year treasury-indexed hybrid adjustable-rate mortgages averaged . percent this week with an average . point down from last week is . percent.
3510,1,a,if you are looking for a relationship become a roofer. you are bound to find hot shingles in your area
3511,1,a,what do you call two crows on a branch attempted murder.
3512,0,a,bush has threatened to veto the bill.
3513,1,a,gonna let my boyfriend snort an eggroll out of my vagina while on a luge. yeah we are having a chinese new year olympic valentine is day.
3514,1,a,what is worse than a girl falling asleep during sex a girl waking up during sex.
3515,0,a,she described the opening of the school in which she has invested about  million of her charitable foundation’s money as the proudest greatest day of my life.
3516,1,a,it is not that the man did not know how to juggle he just did not have the balls to do it
3517,0,a,gm is canada is largest exporter producing  vehicles in  and gm buys about  percent of all the auto parts manufactured in canada.
3518,0,a,he had saved lives but he was not used to people asking about it.
3519,1,a,accidentally ran over my neighbor is cat today and i was scared to tell him to his face so i left a note saying curiosity was here
3520,0,a,a statement from sadr is office said that more than  al-sadr followers have been detained in the past three days in karbala province making prime minister nouri al-maliki is praise of the decision to freeze the mahdi army nothing more than ink on paper.
3521,1,a,the worst analogy ever is like pudding.
3522,0,a,in addition the doj claimed that the company had promoted the use of the treatment-specific anti-psychotic drug abilify to a wider client base than recommended by the food and drug administration.
3523,1,a,to find out your dolphin name lick your finger tips and rub a balloon.
3524,1,a,scariest thing ever the scariest thing in the world is waking up with a cigarette in one hand and a beer in the other. i was so scared i almost swerved off the road.
3525,1,a,what is blue and white and sits up a tree a fridge wearing a denim jacket.
3526,0,a,utilities have warned that if too many coal plants are stopped it would place too much reliance on natural gas imports of which are growing.
3527,0,a,but when i saw elderly women lying in the streets with nowhere to go i knew i had to act.
3528,0,a,northern rock shares tumble again
3529,1,a,when driving shakes fist at pedestrians when walking shakes fist at motorists when running shakes fist at the murderer chasing me
3530,1,a,those damn vegans still drinking water.. that is a fish is house you nasty savages..
3531,0,a,in so many ways this all-women is college prepared me to compete in the all-boys club of presidential politics she said thursday to cries of support.
3532,0,a,trained scientists generally have a number of opportunities available which is feeding a nationwide shortage of teachers in those areas michael said.
3533,0,a,not so much.
3534,1,a,what are  ms from detroit gm eminem and michael moore.
3535,1,a,shit i lost the instructions to my shampoo and now there is blood everywhere
3536,0,a,he first wrote an outline six years ago and finally presented a staged reading two days before the  caucuses.
3537,0,a,one questioner asked romney what he thought about his father former michigan gov. george romney saying in  that he had dropped his support for the vietnam war despite being subjected to a brainwashing by u.s. generals during a tour of southeast asia.
3538,0,a,because the museum is linked to the university we are allowed to be more open and daring with our exhibits said american university is spokeswoman maralee csellar.
3539,0,a,the dollar fell to an all-time low versus the euro.
3540,0,a,but he said long discussions will have to happen well beyond the bali summit in terms of what commitments actually means -- what countries will do and whether that will be internationally legally binding or not.
3541,1,a,used parachute for sale. only used once never been opened.
3542,1,a,buckwheat converted to islam... he is now kareem of wheat
3543,0,a,all four goalies who have started against the ducks after leaving the organization beat them at anaheim in their first start against them.
3544,0,a,the rev. tracey lind dean of the cathedral in cleveland was one of eight candidates -- three of them women -- for the post the new york times reported.
3545,0,a,the biggest names in the business — mbia the ambac financial group and fgic — are based in and around new york.
3546,0,a,abc is freshman series big shots had to reschedule a shoot planned for tuesday in the angeles national forest a network spokesman said.
3547,0,a,when someone dies the body begins to break down and it is possible that that blood could become mixed with other body fluids.
3548,0,a,i have a feeling that i did for mime what andres segovia did for the guitar what pablo casals did for the cello he once told the associated press in an interview.
3549,0,a,in a second statement the u.s. military said apache helicopters shot a hellfire missile and destroyed an anti-aircraft weapon thursday south of baghdad.
3550,1,a,that is not what he meant.
3551,1,a,one ant was running across an unopened box of  crackers and urging another to speed up. but why do we have to hurry said one. can you read you nut. it says tear along the dotted line.
3552,1,a,your are a redneck if...
3553,1,a,how many jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb link is fine. forget about it. seriously do not worry about it. im fine sitting here in the dark.
3554,1,a,sometimes the first step to forgiveness is understanding that the other person is an idiot.
3555,1,a,i bet pain pills are really disappointing to masochists not familiar with the language.
3556,0,a,facing foreclosure
3557,0,a,i was at knee-length and looking up they looked like undertakers grim but determined.
3558,1,a,pessimist had not sex for a long time optimist had sex but long ago
3559,0,a,new york sept.  prnewswire-usnewswire -- tony bennett is exploring the arts raised more than . million dollars for arts education in public schools during the organization is inaugural event a concert and gala dinner benefit held in new york city on sunday night september .
3560,0,a,on the same day washington mutual america’s third-biggest mortgage lender announced that its third-quarter profits fell by more than two thirds from  million to  million.
3561,0,a,the suspect was described only as a -year-old native of bosnia- herzegovina who now lives in the province of lower austria which encircles most of the capital.
3562,0,a,something that can be so life altering was pretty much a -second phone call.
3563,1,a,how do you make a bloody nicole like a bloody mary but with a stab of oj...
3564,0,a,aptly themed spirit in song celebration of gospel promises a two-hour foot-stomping hand-clapping revival filled with rousing performances by patti labelle john legend kirk franklin yolanda adams mighty clouds of joy j moss israel and the new breed featuring t-bone pastor shirley caesar dr. bobby jones and the top five sunday best finalists.
3565,0,a,russia proposed the idea as an alternative to u.s. plans to build military defence systems in poland and the czech republic.
3566,1,a,if this cat does not stop trying to lick my plate we are having chinese for dinner tomorrow.
3567,0,a,schumacher to test ferrari f car
3568,1,a,did you hear about the tropical birds who got stuck together well i will not explain now it is toucan fusing.
3569,0,a,the firm also has depots in dublin london manchester and the west midlands.
3570,1,a,what do you call an illegitimate fish who crapped itself a bassturd
3571,0,a,these wealthy individuals often go out of their way to hide their assets from scrutiny -- sometimes from the public and sometimes from their own government.
3572,1,a,what kind of fabric does mario use denim denim denim.
3573,1,a,why are the other numbers afraid of  because  ate .
3574,1,a,life is like a box of chocolates it does not last very long for fat people
3575,1,a,instead of the standard  people should only be allowed as many characters as they have iq points.
3576,1,a,how do you know when your girlfriend is putting on too much weight she starts fitting into your wife is clothes.
3577,1,a,if you buy a house off craig is list it comes with a free serial killer.
3578,1,a,how many south americans does it take to screw in a light bulb  brazilian
3579,1,a,the guy who told me i sucked at tennis puns is failing as a comic. serves him right.
3580,1,a,what did the boy cat say to the girl cat on valentine is day you are purrr-fect for me.
3581,1,a,what is the difference between an orphan home and a terrorists boot camp i do not know. im retiring next month.
3582,1,a,job interview hr what is your best asset me i have an excellent memory. hr give me an example. me of what
3583,0,a,you know jill rappaport our favorite entertainment reporter from the today show also an author and contributor to extra.
3584,0,a,she is your guardian angel and will look after you and your family for ever.
3585,0,a,i want to say he stood up for an hour hour and a half at a time.
3586,1,a,i wrote will you marry me on a balloon. however before i could propose... -i popped the question
3587,1,a,two people were debating first man  polish are inherently stupid people on earth second man that is not true first man  prove it second man  let is ask a sardar.
3588,0,a,but the towering flames and flying embers rendered them useless this time.
3589,1,a,if you have had your name called over the pa system at a grocery store you are now famous enough to compete on dancing with the stars.
3590,0,a,but when the occasion required it preminger as multifaceted as his characters could also pour on the old world charm he grew up in a well-to-do jewish family in vienna where his father was a prosecuting lawyer for the wobbling austro-hungarian empire.
3591,1,a,what do you call hand warmers scattered throughout a room intermittens.
3592,1,a,woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said out loud you gotta bring it today. so im gonna bring it. brings lunch to work
3593,0,a,chinese hopes were riding sky-high after a late goal squeezed them past sixth-ranked denmark in their opening match and they were confident they could upset group d favourites brazil.
3594,0,a,so when an architect friend in jersey city sent her a picture of the historic american can company building and told her it was being converted to lofts she viewed the plans online made contact with the developer and then signed a contract for a one-bedroom apartment on the second floor with large rooms -foot ceilings and oversized windows.
3595,0,a,giacomo puccini the creator of la bohème and tosca made a trip north to hear what terribly cacophonous thing his german rival had concocted.
3596,1,a,why is lance armstrong a good citizen because he is always recycling
3597,1,a,i say tomato you say put your hands where i can see them and exit the vehicle slowly .
3598,1,a,what sounds does a vicar is gun make pew. pew.
3599,1,a,what did the pirate louis riel say to the villagers yarrrrrrr metis.
3600,1,a,our top story tonight... generalisimo francisco franco is still dead...
3601,1,a,when you realize... the ghostbusters  budget was  million dollars. facepalm
3602,0,a,but giants coach tom coughlin is confident his team will give romo a tougher test sunday.
3603,1,a,my kid sold your honor student a quarter ounce of oregano.
3604,1,a,hello darkness my old frie- the lights suddenly turn on oh it is like that now
3605,1,a,contrary to popular belief you actually can drink lava but only once
3606,1,a,what does nnnnnsssssaaaaa stand for national stutterers association.
3607,0,a,ap -- arizona cardinals quarterback matt leinart will miss the rest of the year because of a broken collarbone ending his second nfl season after just five games.
3608,1,a,has argument with husband brings up all the dumb shit he said in  adds historian to bio
3609,0,a,alabama    _
3610,1,a,chuck norris doesnt wear a watch he decides what time it is.
3611,1,a,my dance moves are best described as a woman trying to put on pants  sizes too small with a wasp flying around her head.
3612,1,a,so today i found out why clickbait is so effective
3613,1,a,i like my women like i like my coffee.... all over my lap while im driving
3614,1,a,q what do you get when you cross a sheep and a porcupine a nobody knows but whatever it is it knits its own sweaters.
3615,1,a,every  minutes someone is infected with the herpes virus. i bet that someone lives in jersey.
3616,0,a,he has also tried to winnow the gop primary fight to a contest between him and giuliani in part by noting the former new york mayor sued to kill the presidential line-item veto in  and the supreme court eventually found it unconstitutional.
3617,0,a,to the contrary putting a stop to bad lending practices is precisely what the federal reserve has the power and obligation to do.
3618,0,a,you put my face all over the frickin’ ‘net.
3619,0,a,the government is increasingly encouraging smokers to quit.
3620,1,a,last night my girlfriend kept shouting someone is name while we were having sex. i never met anyone named rape though.
3621,0,a,teahen went deep leading off the third.
3622,1,a,someone told me to make a philosphy joke. my response i kant.
3623,1,a,a  years old male tourist swept away in amazon river where did he end up local brazilian newspaper...
3624,1,a,what do you get when you mix a communist and a capitalist bernie sanders
3625,1,a,a black guy and a mexican are in a car who is driving the police. they are the police racist.
3626,1,a,hi fire department my cat is in a tree. television has taught me that this is your problem.
3627,1,a,an irishwoman gave birth to triplets and named them natpat and tat. however when she tried to breastfeed them she found out there was no tit for tat.
3628,1,a,im spartacus no im spartacus i am spartacus i am spartacus im spartacus look i just need someone to sign for the package
3629,1,a,video games are cool because they let you experience fantastical power-fantasies. for example in the sims you have a job and a house.
3630,1,a,pretty sure i know what my gf is getting me for christmas. when i guessed a threesome she got all angry like i would ruined the surprise.
3631,0,a,until then pasok had led greece for all but three years since .
3632,0,a,it was probably one of the scariest places i would ever been to the prostitution the drugs the homeless the streets were dirty she recalled from her upscale cuban memorabilia shop.
3633,0,a,the book which came out last week and on tuesday ranked no.  on link and barnes and link now has  copies in print.
3634,1,a,i hate when people people ask me what im doing in  years i mean like come on guys i do not have  vision.
3635,1,a,what did the wall outlet say to the appliance you are grounded.
3636,0,a,he added the courts workloads should not stand in the way of achieving sentences in crack cocaine cases that are proportionate fair and serve the interests of justice.
3637,1,a,there has not been a sexual assault that did not have some ed hardy fabric as evidence since .
3638,1,a,what would the farmer say when he lost his tractor where is my tractor
3639,1,a,michael jackson is latest autopsy report states that he did not actually die at home. he died in the hospital - he was found in the children is ward having a stroke.
3640,0,a,im sure we will be seeing more sales in march and april but if we do not what we have got so far is enough to tide us over.
3641,1,a,people dating on the internet have it so easy. back in my day a man would walk uphill both ways in the snow to disappoint a woman.
3642,0,a,with two out and placido polanco on first with a single the tigers’ carlos guillen ripped a fastball into the right field seats for his th home run.
3643,0,a,on the opry since  he joined roy acuff and other onetime idols.
3644,0,a,us commanders and iraqi officials have been briefing regularly that violence levels have dropped.
3645,1,a,if adrian peterson is banned from the nfl he can always try baseball. who does not need a switch hitter.
3646,0,a,there was no other benefit to come out and say i’m frank lucas’s daughter.
3647,1,a,what do you call a pirate who intentionally sets a fire at sea an arrrrrsonist. thank you. i will be here all week.
3648,0,a,it will be a long long process but we need to do something.
3649,1,a,what did trump get for christmas stage iv rectal carcinoma with a recto-vesicular fistula so he farts out his link
3650,1,a,i wait tables with an obnoxious ex-mechanical engineer... link is always going on and on about the restaurant is utensil modulus.
3651,0,a,general motors link
3652,0,a,bonner also a native of donegal would be a natural mentor.
3653,0,a,he had strep throat as well as a hesitancy to scale back as evidenced by the -minute weightlifting session he had just completed.
3654,1,a,arnold schwarzenegger was asked if he wanted to upgrade.....
3655,0,a,it covered demolition of finishes floor slabs structural systems partition walls and the plumbing mechanical and electrical systems.
3656,1,a,i do not like anti jokes... i like uncle jokes
3657,0,a,they used to call cbs the tiffany network after the quality of the programming under william s. paley.
3658,1,a,what did the zen master say to the hot dog vendor make me one with everything.
3659,1,a,why is it that when you transport something by car it is called ship-ment but when you transport something by ship it is called cargo
3660,0,a,scientists already have early evidence that someday they may prove useful against bipolar.
3661,1,a,my link is difficult to say what she does... she sells seashells on the seashore
3662,0,a,home ownership is falling for the first time since records began.
3663,1,a,im in a very serious relationship with batman. my beloved baeman.
3664,0,a,he has allowed a run in only  of  appearances holding hitters to a . average fifth lowest in the american league while striking out  in   innings.
3665,1,a,fat people. you can not run but you can not hide either.
3666,1,a,anyone know how long you can keep a chicken in the freezer because i put one in last night and it was dead this morning.
3667,0,a,admission £ for a catalogue which admits two.
3668,0,a,tutankhamun and the golden age of the pharoahs opens this week at the o centre.
3669,0,a,about two in  readers thought it was worse than average.
3670,1,a,why does the easter bunny hide his eggs because he does not want anyone to know he is screwing a chicken.
3671,0,a,thorough washing using soap and hot water and the use of aseptic technique is required.
3672,0,a,the study conducted by the east-west institute a non-partisan global think tank based in new york moscow and brussels started from the proposition that there was something to be learned by looking at violent extremism across religious faiths institute vice president neville bugwadia told united press international.
3673,1,a,i plagiarized a book about native americans... i eventually got siouxed.
3674,1,a,freaky friday  the mom and daughter switch bodies again the mom does not go back she keeps stealing children is bodies she lives forever
3675,0,a,we all asked if he could give us a ride back to the dorms and rico said sure i will take you one of the students stacy walters said in a police statement.
3676,1,a,what do hillbillies do on halloween pump kin.
3677,0,a,it was an instant realization for her that she would far rather be among the fun half.
3678,0,a,hayley  had received awards for her work raising money for multiple sclerosis a cause she took up eight years ago when her mother was diagnosed with the disease.
3679,1,a,yes they are good. but mangoes act like they know they are good and that is unappealing to me.
3680,1,a,dirty one liner girl hey what is up boy if i tell you will you sit on it
3681,1,a,love voicemails from my grandma that start with link and end with her trying to dial another number.
3682,1,a,are you a power tool because i would really like you to screw my holes pickup line a woman should use
3683,1,a,i went camping over the weekend... it was in tents.
3684,1,a,what is a pirate is worst nightmare a sunken chest with no booty.
3685,1,a,how many animals can you fit into a pair of pantyhose  little piggies  calves a beaver an ass some hares and a fish that no one can seem to find.
3686,1,a,my little brother is extremely proud of this joke. what do you call a reptile who anyways starts fights an insti-gator
3687,1,a,african american letters. they are all blackmail.
3688,0,a,it is one thing to say eat healthy but it is hard when you can not find healthy food says peters.
3689,1,a,what is the cheapest type of meat deer balls. they are under a buck.
3690,1,a,if a cop tazed me and then yelled raiden wins.... i would instantly lose all animosity towards him.
3691,1,a,q what is clinton doing to make americans happy a if you have paid your tax bill and have enough money left to feed your family--you are happy.
3692,1,a,why did the bicycle fall down because it was too tired
3693,1,a,my dad has the heart of a lion and so much hate mail he had to shut down his dental practice
3694,0,a,brandon whitaker rushed for just  yards on  carries for the bears.
3695,0,a,it is pervasive and gets on you on your clothes in your nose and in your head.
3696,0,a,colleagues said he made no secret of the fact that he was gay.
3697,1,a,all panties are edible if you are hungry enough.
3698,0,a,now many are motivated by frugality environmentalism and the job and real-estate markets and are shunning luxuries and returning to basics. link
3699,0,a,american idol judges simon cowell randy jackson and paula abdul recently told fox that they were happy to house britney and bring her back as a success story and late last year rosie o’donnell urged the songstress to turn away from her panty-free party pals and reside with her her partner kelli and their kids.
3700,1,a,do you think you will get fake teeth when you are old and gray might as well. nothing dentured nothing gained.
3701,0,a,additional information about blue cross of california is available at link
3702,1,a,common scene q why are condoms transparent a so that sperms can at least enjoy the scene even if their entry is restricted.
3703,1,a,why does no-one use the rhinos atm because he charges.
3704,1,a,just bought rosetta stone for starbucks.
3705,1,a,why did batman leave church because christian baled
3706,0,a,what i would not do is hurry players towards retirement for the sake of it just because they are of advancing years.
3707,0,a,it is expected to be in operation for about seven years.
3708,0,a,wal-mart is also expanding aggressively in emerging markets like china and india.
3709,1,a,why are ghosts always dehydrated they have a lot of boos but no water
3710,1,a,how does a viola greet a relative cello.
3711,1,a,i have been reading the thesaurus a lot lately... because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage.
3712,1,a,i do not trust this would you like cash back bullshit. im trying to give you my money but you are also trying to give me my money weird.
3713,0,a,to participate in the live conference call please dial the following number five to ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time --.
3714,0,a,it’s the inability of employees to assess for themselves their contribution or success.
3715,0,a,your partner opens nt and the next player passes.
3716,0,a,those are the heroes to me.
3717,0,a,fitch a credit ratings agency in new york said this week that newspaper performance has been weaker than it originally forecast for the year.
3718,1,a,why was not jesus born in detroit because god could not find  wise men and a virgin.
3719,1,a,i almost got a blowjob from a girl once... but i blew it
3720,1,a,life is lot like a penis. simple soft straight hanging freely then a woman make it hard......
3721,0,a,that’s been rejected in lab tests says yawn expert robert provine professor of psychology at the university of maryland’s baltimore county campus.
3722,0,a,but no fans were bolting when lowell or any of the red sox batted in game  of the world series on wednesday night.
3723,1,a,i cant stop eating ice cream... it is a rocky road to addiction.
3724,1,a,how do you make obama is eyes light up shine a flashlight in his ear.
3725,1,a,what do you call someone who refuses to fart in public a private tutor.
3726,1,a,what can fly but can not be given a fuck.
3727,1,a,if you are going to greece change your currency at the airport nor sure how you are going to get  goats on a plane though source radio
3728,1,a,i like my women like just like my cars  years old and made in japan edit made in the  is and topless in the summer
3729,1,a,what do you get when you cross a cuban and a pollock ricky retardo
3730,1,a,it is so hot today i went to see the ex just for the cold shoulder and icy stare.
3731,0,a,while being searched ms. gotbaum continued to be uncooperative and did not allow herself to be searched.
3732,0,a,easy media creator  also received widespread acclaim in europe where the product received top honors and high praise for ease-of-use and product innovation.
3733,1,a,if there is a zombie apocalypse and you see one zombie taking a nap that will be me
3734,1,a,i tried water polo but... my horse drowned.
3735,0,a,this innovative approach allows us to capitalize on all of our video assets and constantly offer different content depending on our outreach and business needs.
3736,0,a,as a schoolboy komitau overcame two potential social problems.
3737,1,a,honey my toothbrush is moving. has it got ears yeah. tail yeah. is it the dog i think i know the diff--ah it bit me again.
3738,1,a,the upstairs neighbors were making a lot of noise one night and my wife says she is going to go get the broom. to which i reply are you going to fly up there and complain
3739,0,a,fires — plural — were everywhere
3740,1,a,my proctologist gave me two thumbs up. which i did not appreciate.
3741,1,a,almost done with my peanut butter and jelly sandwich and i now notice the bread is covered in mold if you need me i will be bathing in bleach.
3742,1,a,people say love is the best feeling ever. however i think finding a toilet right away when you have diarrhea is better.
3743,0,a,the gist of this e-mail also obtained exclusively by this column sheen writes i have been responsible for some of the worst dialogue and venom-spewing behavior in the past few weeks that i can possibly recall ever.
3744,0,a,a linden lab japan official who spoke on condition of anonymity said adding japanese-language software to second life recently helped draw more japanese users.
3745,0,a,the deal follows suggestions by the federal deposit insurance corp. that lenders allow subprime mortgage borrowers to pay initial interest rates if they are living in the home and are making payments but will not be able to afford a higher rate.
3746,0,a,the process took hours and left me exhausted sitting on the terminal’s marble floor beside the cats as the time for boarding approached.
3747,1,a,white smoke is coming out of my neighbor is house. he either elected a new pope or he is got some good weed.
3748,0,a,but her popularity and the reluctance of rival campaigns to respond to her comments because of her disease has allowed her to say things that her husband — or any candidate — could not.
3749,1,a,what did the blondes mom say to her before leaving for a night out if you are not in bed by one come home.
3750,0,a,at least  other states would be forced to scale back or abandon planned expansions of their children’s health care programs including new jersey ohio and california.
3751,0,a,so i think it probably reflects a little more of a business tone because i think in a lot of ways this is a business story.
3752,1,a,what would netflix even do if i sent them back a dvd of me doing karate they would have no choice but to add it to their collection i suppose
3753,0,a,authorities are looking for a gunman who shot a contra costa college police aide.
3754,0,a,although the cool crust of the earth keeps the caldera is magma from reaching the surface it heats groundwater that rises to form geysers and hot springs.
3755,1,a,yes neil everything sounds better when you have a great voice. that is how sound works.
3756,0,a,limit and redirect iranian influence
3757,0,a,parents need to know what the symptoms are so it can be caught and treated early.
3758,0,a, killed injured in afghan suicide bombing
3759,1,a,officer- im giving you a ticket for your speed me- that is heroin officer-... me- want some officer-... me- oooh shiny handcuffs
3760,1,a,where did sally go during the bombing everywhere.
3761,1,a,i have a phobia of over engineered buildings... it is a complex complex complex.
3762,0,a,jaghbeer is also on trial for his alleged involvement in the  assassination of us diplomat laurence foley in amman.
3763,1,a,[flicks cigarette out window] submarine captain you fool.
3764,1,a,the gardener asked me what i wanted him to do i told him to water the plants... he points and asks water these i said nah man pointing water those.
3765,1,a,[pm] tonight i will actually go to bed on time and get sleep. [am] the most money ever paid for a cow at an auction was . million
3766,0,a, non-gaap adjusted net income per diluted share for the three months ended september   is based on weighted average diluted shares outstanding of . million.
3767,0,a,ketchmark said montgomery deserved the death penalty because of the heinousness of the crime.
3768,0,a,none of the three is yet an ailey star.
3769,1,a,what do you call a drug dealing church crystal methodists
3770,1,a,q why are conductors hearts popular for  transplants a they have had little use.
3771,1,a,my toddler puts his pants on just like everyone else. one arm at a time.
3772,1,a,i just watched a puppy do something really cute. it was like a real life youtube video.
3773,1,a,im starting a nightclub to cater to people infected with aids it is called hi five in roman numerals hiv
3774,1,a,found out the name of my neighbor is cat. in other news i now have free internet.
3775,0,a,as acting head of the justice department is office of legal counsel in  bradbury signed two secret memos authorizing harsh cia interrogation techniques on terrorism suspects -- techniques that critics deem torture.
3776,1,a,why do meth-heads do it doggystyle so they can both look out the window.
3777,1,a,what lives in the ocean is grouchy and hates neighbours  a hermit crab .
3778,1,a,i dropped my phone in the bath. i dropped my phone in the water. i put it in rice to dry out it works now but i lost all my contacts except for my uncle bens.
3779,1,a,this harriet tubman news is gonna make it super awkward every time i purchase slaves in cash
3780,1,a,i do not have a girlfriend. i just know someone who would be very angry if she heard that.
3781,0,a,able to ignore the party is right wing he occupied the centre ground and has stayed there ever since.
3782,1,a,patient doctor you must help me. im  under such a lot of stress i keep losing my temper with people. doctor tell me about your problem. patient i just did didnt i you stupid bastard...
3783,1,a,t now. what do we want more time-travel jokes. when do we want them righ
3784,0,a,spitzer was beset by scandal involving two top aides who were tracking the travels of the governor is chief political nemesis the republican leader of the state senate.
3785,0,a,new york oct.  prnewswire -- after several years of litigation west coast mc john austin aka ras kass and recording label capitol recordsemi have entered into a settlement agreement the exact terms of which have not been disclosed.
3786,1,a,few people talk about hitler is other known book about war games mein sweeper.
3787,0,a,i think there were a number of reasons for that.
3788,1,a,a woman walks in to a bar and asks the barman for a double entendre so he gave her one.
3789,0,a,some of the sites that he discovered and examined have not been fully explored by others the professor said.
3790,1,a,what do you name a dog with no legs cigarette because you take him out for a drag.
3791,0,a,a five-kilometre lake has formed at its base in the past  years.
3792,0,a,he has since been assigned that status a classification the bush administration says allows it to hold him indefinitely and prosecute him at a military tribunal.
3793,1,a,what do you call a warriors fan that complains about the refs a retarded bandwagoner
3794,0,a,and of course anyone on a budget can appreciate the lower sale prices and fuel economy of smaller cars.
3795,0,a,on capitol hill conservatives said columbia should not have invited ahmadinejad to speak.
3796,1,a,three people killed at colorado abortion clinic sounds like a slow day to me
3797,1,a,they are coming for me they are banging on my doors. i have not eaten an apple in months. they are forcing their way in in. the doctors are here. tell mum i love her.
3798,1,a,i like to write all my death threat letters in comic sans. i find it lightens the mood.
3799,0,a,she designs an island so there is a minimum of  inches of walkway around it.
3800,1,a,whats the difference between pink and purple your grip...
3801,0,a,i have just received a reply which after suggesting midweek dates continues of course we hope you could stay for the weekend since you will be receiving an award.
3802,1,a,please take the smartphone away from your pets they are spamming your facebook with selfies.
3803,1,a,what is the advantage to fingering a gypsy on her period you get your palm red for free
3804,1,a,[out to eat with in-laws] me waiter your cheapest bottle of champagne wife hey these are my parents me waiter  glasses of tap water
3805,0,a,the page for the colbert report on link is similarly stocked with material.
3806,0,a,he lost teddy his oldest child and my father kind of abandoned me.
3807,1,a,i visited my doctor last week and he told me i had to stop masturbating. i asked him why because surely it is not dangerous. he said it was distracting him.
3808,0,a,we are hacking into politics and using interactivity and the power of online video to involve a lot more people in the process says micah sifry co-founder of techpresident an internet-electioneering website and annual conference.
3809,0,a,libraries luring students with coffee
3810,0,a,analyst steve brozak of wbb securities said gardasil is knocking the cover off of the ball.
3811,0,a,this is why even as lawmakers veered away from the issue the tech industry tried to keep it alive.
3812,0,a,first o’brien is probably too nice a guy to sue.
3813,1,a,i wish people is voices actually sounded the way they do when their spouse or partner imitates them during an argument.
3814,0,a,but as this exhibition emphasizes seurat first formulated his ideas about color and atmosphere on paper in drawing working in black and white.
3815,1,a,sit-ups are no fun sharpie abs are definitely the way to go if you want permanent results.
3816,0,a,on a table next to a steam kettle sat a handwritten production chart take  quarts of chicken broth and add carrots and garlic mix  minutes add potatoes and yams mix  minutes add rosemary and apples then pour in the bone meal and the raw eggs the certified organic alfalfa the red rose hips and the nettles the safflower and salmon oils the barley and the chicken meat the burdock and the parsley the dandelion greens the cilantro and the liquefied beef hearts.
3817,1,a,what do you call a stolen yam a hot potato.
3818,0,a,the kitchen counters look recently wiped.
3819,1,a,if i am farther than you in candy crush i will automatically think im smarter than you.
3820,1,a,licks excess icing off mixer and spoon wife aww thanks hun. me for what w doing my dishes. m oh i didn-- w ... m you are welcome.
3821,1,a,why are radios cheaper in scotland because the boxes are battered and and the speakers are fried.
3822,1,a,disappointment a woman after a long search on the internet found out that phillips  inch was actually a t.v
3823,0,a,indeed since  it has taken the market just  days on average to rise to pre-correction levels.
3824,1,a,before you tell me anything about your kid you should know im going to mentally leave my body.
3825,1,a,in soviet russia... tv watches you. with much apologies to yakov smirnoff who rarely told them. please to bring on russian reversal jokes in comments.
3826,0,a,and she takes on really hard causes says ajmera founder and president of the global fund for children gfc.
3827,1,a,i just foumd out that humpty dumpty is suposed to be an egg. nowhere in the humpty dumpty poem does it say that humpty dumpty is a egg
3828,0,a,elling was brought in wednesday two days after shayne graham bruised his right hip while trying to make a tackle against the atlanta falcons.
3829,1,a,what did the blind deaf and mute kid get for christmas cancer.
3830,0,a,cambridge systematics is a leading transportation consulting firm serving both public and private clients and is headquartered in cambridge massachusetts with additional offices located throughout the united states.
3831,1,a,i use my notebook the same way i use my girlfriend. just flipem over every period.
3832,0,a,the couple did not answer reporters questions about why the remains were kept at the house or whether she had used cocaine.
3833,1,a,technology has made it so much easier to complain about technology.
3834,1,a,what has  legs and  boobs the breast cancer awareness k run
3835,0,a,he said that he was in the united states for medical treatment that might take up to two months and that he would return to iraq when the situation becomes good.
3836,1,a,what do you call a dragon that eats  viagra and washes it down with gasoline burnt dick
3837,0,a,but it doesn’t matter what age you are.
3838,1,a,how do you know the name of a pokemon it will tell you.
3839,0,a,the organization was founded in  to provide families for orphaned and abandoned children.
3840,0,a,at this rate the summer is crop should reap local farmers and drug lords -- both lebanese and foreign who keep a tight grip on the trade here -- some  million dollars.
3841,1,a,your voice reminds me of a fart. it smells and nobody likes it.
3842,0,a,and it is not just about the geographical aspects of cross-culture.
3843,1,a,insane clown posse is really giving a bad name to all the rational clown posses out there.
3844,1,a,i hear u.s military bases in the middle east party hard. the soldiers there are always taking shots.
3845,1,a,black friday deals but at the pharmacy
3846,1,a,what is blue and fucks grannies pneumonia....
3847,0,a,a lack of the vitamin can cause seizures and rickets which leads to bones not developing properly.
3848,1,a,what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend he wiped his arse
3849,1,a,when i was a kid i made friends with the wrong people. those are not people those are stray dogs my mom would say as she dressed my wounds
3850,0,a,he also noted he begins work on a movie examining the making of alfred hitchcock is epic thriller psycho in december.
3851,1,a,what do you call it when you get a boner at a funeral mourning wood.
3852,0,a,in august he traveled to new york to watch clark gregg shoot a film based on his novel choke.
3853,0,a,in a report to clients yesterday analyst brad hintz of sanford bernstein and co. estimated that a more cautious risk approach would cost the firm  billion in annual earnings from next year.
3854,1,a,they are not going to grow bananas any  longer. really why not because they are long enough already.
3855,0,a,the risk is instead held by the  banks in more than  countries that issue the cards.
3856,0,a,the blackwater guards said they came under fire from the building and responded the diplomatic security official and the blackwater spokeswoman said.
3857,0,a,witnesses have said some victims may have been killed or wounded by guards who opened fire after the blast.
3858,1,a,sorry i looked completely surprised that your baby did not burst into flames when i chanted the power of christ compels you.
3859,0,a,and in particular wilkins micawber.
3860,1,a,i have a punchline with no joke. help me out guys. herpules and plaugasus...
3861,1,a,what is a mouse is favourite game  hide and squeak .
3862,0,a,in  larijani rejected western economic incentives in return for a suspension of iran is nuclear activities saying the security council should not think that they can make us happy with candies.
3863,0,a,also mr tarkhnishvili reported that jasur lutfullaev the head of election commission of polling station no. was the subject of serious threats after he reported facts about falsifications at his polling station.
3864,1,a,looks at crushed dead raccoon on the side of the road i am thinking arby istm
3865,1,a,what do you call a book club that is been stuck on the same book for thousands of years church
3866,0,a,thompson is contract is extended - link
3867,1,a,sometimes i drown cookies in milk in front of their family until they tell me the whereabouts of the keebler elves.
3868,1,a,why did the cow cross the road to get to the udder side
3869,0,a,the court ruling has cleared the way for general musharraf to continue in power for another five-year term he said.
3870,1,a,forgot to do yoga yesterday. that makes it  years in row now.
3871,1,a,it is  and we are not driving dragons the future sickens me.
3872,0,a,paul davey zephyr business development director at qinetiq said that even if they do not clinch the new record the aircraft had secured its place in the annals of unmanned aerial vehicle uav development.
3873,1,a,did you hear about the guy with the invisible dick he came out of nowhere.
3874,1,a,do not make me angry. you would not like me when im angry. yes i remain sweet and quiet but on the inside im composing a strongly worded email
3875,0,a,hulu will offer some features not available on other online video sites.
3876,1,a,where is a pirates favorite place to shop for toys toys arrrrrr us.
3877,0,a,with potash in tight supply price increases seem all but certain and these increases will now flow through to the bottom line.
3878,1,a, - dad. hey dad. me do not yell from the door son. walk here and talk to me  - walks over  - i stepped in dog poop what should i do
3879,1,a,i was sitting on the toilet when todays earthquake hit. the toilet shook like a rollercoaster. it scared the shit out of me.
3880,0,a,yes they could buy toilet paper and new underwear but say a gallon of white house paint or new dog toys
3881,1,a,answering school teachers like... teacher what is the outside of a tree called studenti do not know. teacher bark my child bark. student bow wow wow.
3882,1,a,if i were santa claus i would have my agent be like he is not doing it this year if ronald mcdonald is going to be there in that shoe car.
3883,0,a,just one communications satellite malfunctioned.
3884,1,a,i bought some powdered water i do not know what to add.
3885,0,a,even though i quickly fell into a dead sleep after a seven-hour trans-atlantic flight i soon found myself awakened by sounds of the arrival and departure of other guests.
3886,0,a,interpol could not immediately be reached for comment.
3887,1,a,til that a russian submarine was accidentally destroyed by a russian warship that mistook it for an enemy submarine. oops wrong sub.
3888,0,a,i’m a subscriber to bass magazine bassmaster ducks unlimited … i get some of those that are pure fun arkansas sportsman.
3889,0,a,newfoundland east coast trail
3890,0,a,i felt completely like a woman and so sexy -- your confidence level immediately goes up ebanks said.
3891,1,a,how do the russian people feel about their government they are putin up with it.
3892,1,a,a blind man walks into an i store  please
3893,0,a,also if bush is found to have broken ncaa rules during his heisman-winning season the award could be revoked.
3894,0,a,a typical airline pilot has flown  hours and spent more than  in education expenses to become qualified to fly.
3895,1,a,how did luke always know what darth was getting him for christmas he felt his presents...
3896,0,a,one shot shows fingers drumming on a dashboard covered with what looks like vuitton is cherry blossoms design dark pink blossoms on a pale pink weblike background embossed with the lv logo.
3897,0,a,many of the moves had been previously announced including the intention to resort to large-scale layoffs.
3898,1,a,why does ed miliband like advent calendars because it is his only chance to open the door to number .
3899,0,a,one person suffered a minor cut in eustis and no other injuries were reported in the area about  miles northwest of orlando lake county sheriff is sgt. john herrell said.
3900,1,a,spent the last twenty minutes trying to get my sideburns even and now im sporting a mohawk.
3901,0,a,when huckabee was leaving office the couple set up a registry for people to give them gifts for their post-gubernatorial home.
3902,1,a,what did ron burgandy say when he dropped his waffle on the beach go fuck yourself sandy eggo
3903,0,a,having their say.
3904,1,a,the pink panther is to do list - to do - to do - to do to do to do to do to doooo
3905,1,a,whiteboard and eraser why was the whiteboard angry with the eraser the eraser had rubbed the whiteboard the wrong way.
3906,1,a,empties an ice cube tray in the arctic you are free now.
3907,0,a,children whose proprioceptive system is impaired will in effect have no internal body map to place them in space so moving and placing themselves will be a huge challenge.
3908,1,a,you say illegal i say added to my bucket list.
3909,1,a,m um you just spelled qwerty as querty. h so m look at the keyboard. h and m [breaking fourth wall look to camera]
3910,0,a,lenny has served as ceo since march  and was named chairman in december of that year.
3911,1,a,i am not a fan of dad jokes. hi notafanofdadjokes im dad.
3912,0,a,new york -- umpire mike winters was suspended by major league baseball for the remainder of the regular season on wednesday because of his confrontation with san diego is milton bradley last weekend.
3913,0,a,it’s like they say summer’s gone write it in the sand.
3914,1,a,[date] me you are a scientist him yeah m you like chemistry h m wanna get in my genes h m slow winks h are you having a stroke
3915,1,a,kids are much like ________ they__________.
3916,0,a,second its global sales are growing said tsuyoshi mochimaru auto analyst at lehman brothers in tokyo.
3917,0,a,the uninteresting story dull dialogue and terrible pacing works overtime to keep players at arms length.
3918,0,a,if we win out we’ll have a good-enough résumé to do whatever we want.
3919,1,a,ok imagine a fleshlight but full of food. - hot pocket sales pitch
3920,0,a,former captain stephen fleming was missing from the start of the innings because of a badly bruised right forearm.
3921,1,a,what is the difference between a psychologist and a magician one pulls rabbits out of hats and the other pulls habits out of rats.
3922,1,a,french-related joke semi nsfw when does a frenchman get his morning wood a bonne heure.
3923,0,a,twenty-two injured survivors were pulled from the river along with  bodies said another police official dipendra chetri who had helped rescue people in chunchu the village where the bridge collapsed.
3924,0,a,sumatra is home to nine other provinces.
3925,1,a,a priest and a rabbi are walking down the street... an they see a young boy. the priests says you want to screw him the rabbi says out of what
3926,1,a,click to see something special something special
3927,0,a,irregular warfare — whether guerrilla or counterinsurgency missions — will remain a threat said mr. krepinevich who was an opposition analyst during the pentagon’s quadrennial review of strategy and budgets.
3928,0,a,japan dispatched its whaling fleet last month to the southern pacific in the first major hunt of humpback whales since the s generating widespread criticism.
3929,0,a,petralia has a pretty good reason to be unhappy but does she really go around telling co-workers to check her résumé if they doubt her journalistic background
3930,0,a,and when they did america did nothing to protect them from the slaughter that followed.
3931,0,a,dr. burger was the past chairman chief executive officer and a director of avi biopharma inc an oregon based biotechnology company.
3932,0,a,the post carries moral weight as it was first held by mustafa kemal ataturk father of turks who ushered in secularism and western-style reforms in the s.
3933,0,a,the tree is on the property of keizersgracht  adjacent to the building that is now the anne frank museum.
3934,0,a,apartheid involved discrimination against nonwhites.
3935,0,a,we send the help of the federal government.
3936,1,a,im not saying... putin is humiliating obama but the last time a russian treated an african america like this apollo creed died.
3937,0,a,daily laguardia orlando new york   a.m.
3938,0,a,knowing that scott and his family where potential witnesses joe and michele shot them sheriff is detective john pavlovich wrote.
3939,1,a,someone told me there is a gay guy in my circle of friends... i hope it is michael. hes cute.
3940,0,a,the jerusalem post reported that a last minute legal bid by a group of israelis to stop the release had been rejected by the courts.
3941,1,a,why did the architect take so long to get started on his church blueprints he could not decide what font to use.
3942,0,a,but for justice’s sake these are questions that should be asked.
3943,1,a,if we know your religion stance on gun control and how many kids you have just by looking at your car you have way too many bumper stickers
3944,0,a,fourteen of the dealers have settled cases with the city.
3945,0,a,these women is doctors have recommended that in order to reduce their terribly high odds of getting cancer they should have their uteruses breasts and ovaries removed before the age of .
3946,1,a,i run an amateur dramatic society. someone approached me recently wanting to do an all dwarf version of the pantomime aladdin. the concept is a little wishy-washy.
3947,1,a,why do canadians prefer their jokes in hexidecimal because    a
3948,1,a,what is rickon stark is favorite band one direction
3949,0,a,the specialty treating most patients within  weeks was gastroenterology followed by general medicine and cardiothoracic surgery.
3950,0,a,here is what i saw
3951,0,a,we’re famous for our women.
3952,0,a,the announcement that mr. müntefering would step down to care for his ailing wife who he said last week had her fifth cancer operation surprised the nation.
3953,0,a,based in india.
3954,1,a,if yoda were to do a chicken impression... if yoda were to do a chicken impression and say cock-a-doodle-doo. would he be asking someone to draw a penis
3955,0,a,i was even more bummed out by an experience i had with a well-known manhattan entrepreneur and author friend in her midsixties deeply sane and authentic.
3956,0,a,edwards then regained the lead but woodruff passed him on the last turn held off lanzi by two metres and won in  minute . seconds.
3957,0,a,wheat for march delivery fell . cents to . a bushel march corn rose a penny to . a bushel march oats closed flat at . a bushel january soybeans gained . cents to . a bushel.
3958,1,a,what did the unemployed hippie say when his dad told him to get a job. namaste jah bless.
3959,0,a,four taken to hospital after fire
3960,0,a,as a group of cow-herding nomads headed north from there they said daju militia members stood in the nomads path and fired shots into the air as they passed.
3961,1,a,im sorry this is awkward. those weather maps are interesting but im actually looking for a meaty urologist.
3962,0,a,the leaders of the ethics panel said that a complaint filed against mr. craig by the republican leadership in august when the news of his guilty plea became public remained an open case given his decision to remain in office.
3963,0,a,the so-called say cheese technology has three setting levels from a slight grin to a belly laugh.
3964,0,a,he wanted to be ready to act if we received a letter of resignation said jon hanian otter is spokesman in boise.
3965,1,a,how does avon find so many women willing to take orders 
3966,0,a,plenty of open questions remain -- including where preferences wind up at the caucuses six weeks from now and whether or how iowans choices resonate elsewhere.
3967,1,a,these black and mexican jokes have gone too far once you know juan you know jamal.
3968,1,a,toasts are like parents... if they are black you have nothing to eat
3969,0,a,i like to use black jonathan apples for this i get them at the farmers market.
3970,1,a,q how do you catch a squirrel a climb in a tree and act like a nut.
3971,0,a,he — or rather his new nonprofit institution the afro-latin jazz alliance — will rent symphony space for its concerts at a favorable rate.
3972,1,a,i wanted a sweater for christmas... but instead i got a screamer and a moaner
3973,1,a,two scottish ducks on a tandem... the one on the back says quack. the one on the front says  ah cannae go any quacker
3974,0,a,briton held over child sex abuse
3975,0,a,but there is a prospect of false trails wasted time and money or worse.
3976,1,a,what is the difference between bluetooth and the titanic the titanic sinks.
3977,1,a,what kind of lizard goes into salad a salad-mander. hahahahahahhahahahahhahaahahahahahilarious
3978,1,a,im so torn on circumcision. i mean you are either foreskin or against it.
3979,0,a,excommunication bars the nuns from participating in the church liturgy and receiving communion or other sacraments.
3980,0,a,dates sept. -  location dubai international convention and exhibition centre uae utstarcom booth z-e stand za zabeel hall
3981,1,a,how do trees encourage one another they say im rooting for you
3982,0,a,as a result of the government probe delta is requiring reservation agents to achieve a perfect score on a test that includes accurately quoting on-time flight performance if they want to stay employed spokeswoman betsy talton wrote in an e-mail monday.
3983,0,a,los angeles won the division this season for the third time in four years but was swept by boston.
3984,1,a,do not waste your time going to the library looking for books on suicide..... no one ever brings them back.
3985,0,a,if the research goes well planktos aims to make money by fertilizing the ocean measuring the carbon its plankton forests sequester and selling carbon credits for cash on emerging world carbon markets.
3986,0,a,homes helping to fund retirement
3987,0,a,because the chemical companies are not required to meet even minimal drug-manufacturing standards there is little to stop them from exporting unapproved adulterated or counterfeit ingredients.
3988,0,a,his father has taken away the keys and removed the battery.
3989,0,a,all those are perfect places to put solar panels.
3990,1,a,what is the difference between a theatre-snack muncher and a person who watches police sex scenes one likes popcorn the other likes cop-porn.
3991,0,a,the brennans of mountlake terrace wash.
3992,0,a,he gave separate tests for gratitude and materialism to  college students.
3993,0,a,the congress party has asked for all those shown in the videos to be charged with murder.
3994,1,a,a liberal is just a conservative that has not been mugged yet.
3995,0,a,but i will tell you the thing that nobody knows.
3996,0,a,he was living in maryland at the time of his  arrest.
3997,0,a,a man in his late twenties who was arrested along with a woman at a house in luton road has been released on police bail until  january.
3998,1,a,if you piss me off bad enough and tell me to leave you alone i will take  adderall and send you cat pictures every  minutes for  days.
3999,1,a,i had a bukkake party last night. it was a disaster. nobody came. edit wow. while i was gone this link
4000,1,a,in my class today a feminist announced i do not think anything is gender based. i replied not true genitalia is gender based. checkmate.
4001,0,a,it really goes to the heart of whether we believe community mental health care can be effective without coercion and at what point we are willing to say that coercion might be necessary legitimate and humane.
4002,0,a,stephen boyle experienced jumper
4003,0,a,just this month judge michael hogan in eugene reached a similar conclusion.
4004,1,a,what is walt jr.s favorite movie the breakfast club.
4005,0,a,under the blue card migrants would be able to work and live freely in any of the eu states taking part.
4006,1,a,i tried fixing my vacuum the other day on my own... now it sucks even more.
4007,1,a,some guy tried to cut me off in traffic and i screamed im wearing a sports bra to a business meeting i am afraid of nothing.
4008,1,a,i will never be friends with the girl who brings a bottle of sparkling water to the gym.
4009,0,a,we can expect to see more as long as home prices fall and as more adjustable-rate mortgages reset to higher rates that borrowers can not afford.
4010,1,a,yo momma is so fat she drives a spandex car.
4011,0,a,gimme more is said to be produced by nate danja hills a protégé of timbaland the man who is made justin timberlake a sensation.
4012,1,a,fidel castro is favorite pickup line girl im no kennedy or khrushchev but i can show you a cuban missile crisis
4013,1,a,what do missiles camels and common fetishes have in common link  -toes. out. just get out.
4014,1,a,i have heard that pineapple juice makes your semen taste better so i decided to try it. the semen tasted better but the juice tasted much worse.
4015,0,a,he brought to the task not just a strong personality and a natural compassion but also a firm grasp on the value of publicity combined with a gift for showmanship.
4016,0,a,almost exactly a year after north korea roiled all of asia by testing a nuclear device hill led a team that managed to extract a pledge from pyongyang to disable the country’s nuclear facilities at yongbyon including its plutonium-reprocessing and fuel-rod fabrication plants by dec. .
4017,0,a,that’s the difference that an election makes.
4018,1,a,im not saying do not trust the internet but there is an alarming discrepancy in the number of ipads i have won and the number of ipads i own.
4019,0,a,wal-mart said it would give each employee or family that signs up for coverage a grant of  to  to defray health expenses while charging premiums as low as  a month.
4020,1,a,muffins are just cupcakes that will never get laid.
4021,0,a,rice told reporters after the meeting she had been pleased that participants offered their full commitment to iraq especially through an expanded u.n. mission.
4022,0,a,at the edwards headquarters ms. dillon said she doubted there would be a significant increase in voters.
4023,0,a,los angeles ap - nicolas cage followed his secret treasure map to another fortune at movie theaters.
4024,0,a,a southern california couple whose three children died when a tractor-trailer rig smashed into their minivan six months ago are expecting triplets.
4025,1,a,men and women can be just friends. but only if one of them is ugly.
4026,1,a,the last fight i had with my wife was my fault. she asked me what was on the tv. i replied dust.
4027,0,a,the show was highly popular with many viewers feeling there were lessons to learn from the people it portrayed who struggled to make a living in china is bustling reform and opening period.
4028,1,a,two quick jokes how do you make a dog go meow freeze it in a block of ice an run it through a band-saw... mmmeeeoooowwww. how do you make a cat go woof pour kerosene on it an drop a match... woooff.
4029,1,a,[leaving ballgame] officer have you been drinking me yes but i assure you officer i can not afford to get drunk there.
4030,1,a,she wears short skirts i eat pizza she is cheer captain and im still eating pizza
4031,1,a,did you hear they are going to print the daily mail on a sheets it is pretty big news.
4032,0,a,we have all seen a lot.
4033,1,a,what do a gang member and a redneck have in common they both know how to throw a good hoe down.
4034,0,a,richard roberts told king he never asked any professor to take part in a campaign but said oru government students often do so.
4035,0,a,when he turned off the engine all i could hear was my heart pounding.
4036,1,a,who is the prime minister of israol netanyahoo
4037,0,a,we are very insecure because we do not know what the government is planning to do.
4038,0,a,the worksheets are designed to comply with the federal stafford act which has governed disaster rebuilding since .
4039,0,a,we did not know anyone could be so mean stacie hoyles said.
4040,0,a,these passive acknowledgements of error -- once called the past exonerative tense -- are commonplace in politics.
4041,1,a,i admit opening an alligator petting zoo was not the best idea but i told the kids to be careful so there is plenty of blame to go around.
4042,0,a,referring to women running for public office gandy told the hattiesburg american in  i can share in their victory and their defeat.
4043,0,a,a walgreens spokesman declined to comment on the suit saying the pharmacy had not yet seen the complaint.
4044,0,a,we will see what the fbi report comes up with but im confident that the kind of people we have out there are proven military professionals prince said.
4045,0,a, first televised landing on the moon
4046,1,a,what musician has the hardest instrument to play a tromboner.
4047,1,a,i would like to thank rjokes for teaching me so many jokes. i have always hated the sound of laughter...
4048,1,a,when someone is ignoring me i like to break into their house at night and steal all their shoes. we will see how busy you are tomorrow.
4049,1,a,mt. everest has lost its record status ... ... now that a british astronaut is earth is highest peake.
4050,0,a,the southeast asian nation formerly known as burma has more than  subtribes.
4051,0,a,in detroit’s - defeat at arizona last sunday lions quarterback jon kitna was sacked four times.
4052,1,a,helen keller walks into a bar... and a table. and some chairs.
4053,1,a,what do you call a muslim who is notoriously late for everything 
4054,1,a,i have got ten texts msgs today asking me for sex tonight. i would not have minded but i have borrowed my girlfriend is cell phone for the day.
4055,0,a,its corporate headquarters are in houston  miles away.
4056,1,a,what is worse than missing your bus in the morning the holocaust
4057,0,a,its shares rose  or . percent to ..
4058,0,a,ministers also published draft orders yesterday naming returning officers in all constituencies including those with new boundaries.
4059,0,a,zohar said the technology will in the future be used as a way to store vast amounts of data on bio-molecules and dna.
4060,1,a,r-e-s-p-e-c-t find out what it means to pee - urethra franklin
4061,1,a,did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off he is all right now
4062,0,a,most of these help wanted ads for mystery shoppers or secret shoppers are scams.
4063,0,a,explorers penguin drawings found in uk
4064,1,a,why did germany run out of gas because they gave it to the jews i will be in argentina for awhile.
4065,1,a,what medications do i take im not sure. the names on my neighbor is prescription bottles are ridiculously long
4066,1,a,what is the hottest hotel in vegas the cosmopolitan
4067,1,a,a giraffe walks into a bar and happily announces a round of drinks for everybody. ... the highballs are on me.
4068,1,a,i was told that tipping your server is normal in america but apparently this will get you fired as a systems administrator.
4069,1,a,kid mom am i ugly mom i told you not to call me mom in public.
4070,0,a,by creating nonexistent enemies for example and an insecure atmosphere they try to control all in the name of combating insecurity and terrorism.
4071,1,a,after my fourth failed relationship my friend tells me keep your head up these girls come and go but you will find someone for you but deep down i know... girls do not just come and go... i do.
4072,0,a,but richman points out that the entire population could fit into jacksonville florida which is about  square miles.
4073,0,a,myanmar’s regime also faced pressure from the european union where foreign ministers of the bloc’s member nations announced the threat of new sanctions while offering to hold off if the generals begin talks with pro-democracy groups.
4074,1,a,have you heard about the stolen shipment of viagra police are looking for a gang of hardened criminals
4075,1,a,i got screwed by a man in a wig yesterday... he was judging me the whole time.
4076,1,a,if terminator had a horse what would its name be termineightor i will show myself out...
4077,1,a,if i had all the money in the world to do whatever i wanted i would be the next us president
4078,1,a,why did the irishman wear two condoms to be sure to be sure.
4079,1,a,why does the pope kiss the ground when he gets off his plane you would too if you had to fly alitalia.
4080,1,a,rembrandt was unsurpassed in his ability to depict light and shadow in his works until the camera came out. then he got insanely surpassed
4081,1,a,how are bears related to cooking the pan... duh
4082,1,a,doctor doctor i only have  seconds to live. be with you in a minute
4083,1,a,what is the difference between outlaws and inlaws outlaws are wanted.
4084,0,a,financial restrictions on burma going back more than a decade have left the eu with relatively few economic interests in the country.
4085,0,a,let’s just get over it and lick our wounds and then we’ll figure it out new york manager joe torre said.
4086,0,a,i used to think they cared about the policy.
4087,1,a,oh sure they can eat their own poop no problem. they just cant eat chocolate. it will kill them. - god inventing dogs.
4088,0,a,the biggest threat these landline companies is obviously voip service borow said.
4089,0,a,the success of the  film drumline about a drummer in an innovative southern marching band probably helped propel show-style bands toward if not into the mainstream.
4090,1,a,i just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... scaring men is easy.
4091,1,a,mom said i should only date a good man and i was like heavens to betsy i wish i had known this pertinent information before now.
4092,1,a,what is the difference between a stoner and a jew a stoner gets baked more than once
4093,0,a,stephanopoulos congressman kucinich senator biden both on this quickly.
4094,1,a,what is hard long and has cum in it a cucumber...
4095,1,a,the early bird might get the worm but the second mouse always gets the cheese
4096,0,a,in statements from blackwater guards provided to the u.s. state department and obtained by abc news the guards say they were fired upon by uniformed iraqi police officers and others dressed in civilian clothes from multiple locations near the traffic circle.
4097,1,a,police sir do you know how fast you were going me jealous much
4098,1,a,i went to a military history exhibit at a museum in little italy. i saw a cool old german submarine. i walked up to a guy and said hey is that a u-boat he said no it is-a the museum is.
4099,0,a,kennedy is described as white ft in tall .m and of slim build.
4100,0,a,it’s not easy for any of us right now.
4101,1,a,a man walks into a bar carrying a small pig. where the hell did you get the barkeep asks. i won it playing cards says the pig.
4102,0,a,powering the packers to a - halftime lead over the chargers favre threw two touchdown passes in the first half.
4103,0,a,he also held up a copy of the new book by former u.s. federal reserve chairman alan greenspan the age of turbulence adventures in a new world.
4104,0,a,deposits would most likely be frozen for weeks or even months.
4105,1,a,if you woke up naked in the middle of the forest with no memory of what happened and your butt is covered in lube would you tell anyone no. wanna to go camping
4106,0,a,the crackdown echoes efforts by authorities in iraq to rein in private security contractors often accused of acting with impunity.
4107,1,a,what is yellow and can not swim a bus full of children.
4108,1,a,blonde joke of the day two blondes fell down a hole. one said it is dark in here is not it the other replied i do not know i can not see. -d
4109,0,a,i was drinking salt water and i thought i was going to die.
4110,1,a,when is the best time to go to the dentist 
4111,1,a,why do my eyes hurt because i got eye lashes.
4112,1,a,why do bald men cut holes in there pockets to run their hands through their hair
4113,0,a,he asked me what i saw.
4114,1,a,throws caution to the wind blows right back into face
4115,1,a,when you eat the entire frozen pizza by yourself the slogan changes to it is not delivery it is depression.
4116,1,a,i walked a girl down into the dark woods. she said it is very scary. i said how do you think i feel i have to walk back alone..
4117,1,a,why did the blonde have square boobs because she forgot to take the tissues out of the box
4118,1,a,a woman walks into a bar... and says to the bartender i would like a beer please. the bartender asks anheuser busch she responds just fine thanks and how is your cock
4119,1,a,i once told a woman i could give her twelve inches. i just needed to make four three inch installments.
4120,0,a,the post said the project would cost a billion dollars but kolko could not confirm the figures involved.
4121,1,a,how do feminists screw in a lightbulb by holding the bulb up to the socket and waiting for the world to revolve around them edit rip inbox edit  thanks for the gold.
4122,0,a,a cold does not kill so people should just relax rausch said.
4123,1,a,knock knock . who is there  the cops. the cops who  im sorry to tell you mam but your son has passed away.
4124,0,a,lincoln neb. oct.  upi -- the high-stress environment of u.s. physicians can lead to sleep disturbance irritability withdrawal overwork procrastination drinking and overeating.
4125,0,a,something to remember mr. abe by.
4126,1,a,what elements make up life lithium and iron
4127,0,a,while almost all homes had one person who was ill family members seemed not to catch the disease from one another.
4128,1,a,i hate lying people they are always in my way to the ocean.
4129,1,a,what rock group has four men that do not sing mount rushmore.
4130,0,a,plate movement awareness may have cut indonesian toll expert
4131,1,a,what is that thing called when your crush likes you back imagination.
4132,1,a,if you start a conversation with you are gonna say im crazy there is nothing i can do but to congratulate you on your clairvoyance.
4133,1,a,did you know there are more planes in the ocean.. than submarines in the sky
4134,0,a,more than half of those in the new poll said they had also been asked not to refer patients or to carry out certain procedures.
4135,1,a,hope you do not mind if i make transformer sound effects when we switch positions.
4136,0,a,club programs and services promote and enhance the development of boys and girls by instilling a sense of competence usefulness belonging and influence.
4137,0,a,kevin burden a senior manager at telecommunications research firm telephia inc. said dozens of companies are eyeing the spectrum.
4138,1,a,oops it slipped wrong hole. but since im already here..... -men
4139,1,a,what did the painter do when he was angry he made a scene.
4140,0,a,ppp campaigned on a platform of bringing thaksin back from exile in london and continuing his populist policies.
4141,1,a,you suck. no you suck. really you suck. please you suck. you suck i insist. -- polite vampires.
4142,0,a,now another developer has purchased the site he said.
4143,1,a,i spent two hours child-proofing my home. they still got in.
4144,0,a,and according to a national trade group the outfits are the best-looking state police uniforms in the country.
4145,0,a,that £ plus a £ service charge for such things as security by former gurkhas buys a magnificent fourbed lodge of  sq ft – but within earshot of lorries on the busy a.
4146,0,a,afterward nelson had another drink and fell asleep watching tv in the same room according to nelson is statements in the affidavit.
4147,1,a,first executive order all pornstars must now be blonde.
4148,1,a,my leg brushed against the toilet in a starbucks bathroom. goodbye leg. you were a good leg.
4149,1,a,why could not the headless horseman win the race he could not get a head.
4150,0,a,energías de portugal which has already demonstrated a willingness to pay up to stay in the game is unlikely to be far behind.
4151,0,a,pro bowl cb drew  penalties in panthers tying drive yelled at petrino
4152,1,a,as a kid i had a real obsession with posh spice it cost my parents a fortune in saffron...
4153,1,a,did you hear about prince well i mean the artist formerly known as prince.
4154,1,a,i like my mashed potatoes like i like my babies smothered - thought of this while making dinner and discussing having children with my fiance... i do not think im ready for kids
4155,1,a,mayweather was boring tonight... if only they would have thrown a woman in the ring we could have seen him fight.
4156,0,a,people have to come to court on time superior court judge stephen a. marcus told him.
4157,0,a,consolidated ebitda and net debt are not intended to represent and should not be considered more meaningful than or as an alternative to measures of operating performance as determined in accordance with gaap.
4158,1,a,i do not think anyone flushed the toilet because i do not need to hear all of your shit
4159,0,a,a -year-old woman from london has been arrested and is in custody at charles cross police station.
4160,1,a,sean spicer said the inauguration had the largest audience ever. then he took it back because your mother left.
4161,1,a,you guy want to hear a joke about a cat nah. im just kitten.
4162,1,a,if you cry every day in your relationship.. sit down take a deep breath and ask yourself am i dating a human or an onion
4163,1,a,our generation is messed up. we have unprotected sex but have cases on our phones.
4164,1,a,why would you stay friends with an ex-girlfriend when you get fired from a job you do not stay around and watch other people do your job.
4165,0,a,paul romford in the tms inbox
4166,0,a,congratulations.
4167,0,a,banks in general are tightening up so this is a wonderful alternative for people who are looking to seek a loan.
4168,1,a,i was reading in the paper that more people have been held at gun point this year than ever before. so why do people keep going to gun point
4169,0,a,tsx group also owns the equicom group inc. a leading provider of investor relations and related corporate communication services in canada.
4170,1,a,did you hear about the sheep who is young son carried him off the farm he was on the lamb.
4171,0,a,the agreement is subject to a physical.
4172,1,a,i read an article saying that if you drink every day you are an alcoholic. thank god i only drink every night.
4173,0,a,mr. manafort is by no means the only well-known american strategist lured to kiev by the prospect of sizable fees and the chance to shape the course of a young and tumultuous democracy.
4174,1,a,the real reason jesus died on the cross he forgot the safeword.
4175,1,a,divorce wife to husband i want a divorce. you always tell me i am fat. husband dont be crazy. what about our child  wife what  what child  husband so you are not pregnant 
4176,0,a,the new york times also reported prince will resign and said the company might name former treasury secretary robert rubin who now chairs the bank is executive committee as interim chairman.
4177,0,a,it then uses a scientific-screening process to narrow management is focus to - to focus on first.
4178,0,a,bank of america earnings fall  percent
4179,1,a,exercising grandmother my grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was . she is  now and we do not know where the hell she is.
4180,0,a,goodbye.
4181,0,a,henry hyde.
4182,1,a,go down moses. and he did. and that is why the ladies loved him.
4183,1,a,what do you get when you cross an owl with a bunji cord my ass. lawl
4184,1,a,now that  in every  people cheats in their relationshipsim left wondering. . .is it my wife or my girlfriend that is cheating
4185,1,a,have a drink my friend told me to get a beer as i looked like i had a rough day. i looked at him and said with your face you must be an alcoholic.
4186,1,a,boyfriend asked me to put a few planks of wood together... nailed it.
4187,0,a,mr salway said this morning it could take up to a year for the plan to come to fruition and that the company would wait for market conditions to be favourable.
4188,0,a,in some of his lawsuits thierman has made off-the-clock claims on behalf of lower-wage employees.
4189,1,a,two greek anarchists are sitting together making molotov cocktails. one says so who are we going to throw these at the other replies what are you a fucking intellectual
4190,0,a,and it was also last year that he was approached by the bbc about the series.
4191,1,a,date gonna grab my jacket and brb. you look great by the way me whispering to my suit made of chameleons hell yeah keep it up you guys
4192,1,a,violets are green roses are blue... alright you bastards who fucked with the hue
4193,0,a,colorado will start the world series on the road next wednesday.
4194,1,a,why does bernie sanders support abortions because even after he is blown his load he will not pull out.
4195,0,a,his experience in running theaters was a big selling point mr. thorn said.
4196,0,a,for the sufferer who is in need of help
4197,0,a,but this is one of the reasons why at the end i could not stick to catherine ndereba she said.
4198,0,a,heart-of-pine floors run throughout the main floor.
4199,1,a,i just woke up and scared the hell out of this mortician.
4200,0,a,though its recent governments have been civilian and democratically-elected thailand has seen turbulent times.
4201,1,a,what rock group have four men that do not sing mount rushmore.
4202,0,a,sony is comedy superbad the no.  movie the previous two weekends slipped to second place with . million raising its total to . million.
4203,0,a,ellis attorney ronald bower confirmed that the teenager would be arraigned nov. .
4204,0,a,part of the problem we have had here is we live in a state that culturally and traditionally has not valued a high school education said jim foster a spokesman for the south carolina department of education.
4205,0,a,by friday afternoon the netherlands reported that the flood threat had eased with no major damage reported after dykes and other protective measures were closed to protect the country a third of which is below sea level.
4206,0,a,gop candidate . percent certain he will not run on a third party ticket
4207,0,a,it must be made plain that such backing is dependent on restoring democracy through a free election open to all.
4208,1,a,what is a man is definition of a romantic evening sex.
4209,1,a,i nevur make the same mistake twice. nevur.
4210,1,a,if an atheist vegan does crossfit... which one do they talk about first
4211,1,a,did you hear about the new in-flight corduroy pillows they are making headlines everywhere
4212,0,a,when bush was running for president political consultant karl rove called allyn then a fox adviser hoping to avoid a repeat of the embarrassment over bush is failure to name the presidents of several countries in a campaign trail pop quiz.
4213,1,a,i am so lonely the only ex i have is in my chromosome xy 
4214,1,a,hey is it just me or is there another two-letter pronoun used to refer to oneself as the object of a verb or preposition
4215,0,a,tulowitzki did take exception however to upton staring down francis who outpitched arizona ace brandon webb and allowed just one earned run on seven hits in  - innings.
4216,1,a,you know what people really do when no one is looking your mum.
4217,0,a,talk to folks you know.
4218,1,a,i never thought that eating a bowl of alphabet soup could help me overcome constipation. but here i am in the loo having a massive vowel movement.
4219,1,a,you kill vegetarian vampires with a steak to the heart.
4220,0,a,in britain a respected if rowdy holiday ritual office party known for booze brawls
4221,0,a,the great northern is long gone — merged into the burlington northern almost  years ago and though the mills are still standing they have long since been converted to other uses as general mills moved to the suburbs and in time acquired its rival pillsbury.
4222,1,a,alex is visiting later tonight. alex from work or alex the astronaut with amazing hearing [from the moon] it is not me thelma. hi bob.
4223,1,a,of course i like you i gave you that roofie did not i
4224,0,a,when i first started doing this i made a contribution to some organization harvest something or other i think that was working on homelessness mr. siebel said.
4225,1,a,some things are better left unsaid but im probably gonna get drunk and say them anyway.
4226,1,a,what do fishermen do at a their conferences network.
4227,1,a,knock-knock joke given to me by a star wars fan knock knock who is there metaphors metaphors who metaphors be with you
4228,0,a,the driver is freed.
4229,1,a,why do redditors get excited when a tornado rips down miles of fences because there is a lot of reposting to do.
4230,1,a,geography joke from my son him what is the capitol of switzerland me ummm geneva him nope..... bern....
4231,1,a,what is et short for he is got little legs.
4232,1,a,talk like a pirate day here is my impersonation of a pirate ahem look at me. look at me. im the captain now.
4233,1,a,how do you tell if someone has an std oh shit wrong sub-reddit.
4234,0,a,zardari called the official explanation on bhutto is death who was assassinated thursday at a political rally a useless excuse.
4235,1,a,how was  an inside job if the planes came from the outside.
4236,0,a,instead they aimed for the fall.
4237,1,a,dark comedy is like food not everyone gets it.
4238,1,a,what do you call a redhead with a yeast infection gingerbread
4239,1,a,what do you get when you combine a penis and a potato a dictator.
4240,1,a,if you jumped off a bridge in paris you would be in seine
4241,0,a,in the end finding the right place may be as much about serendipity as it is about research.
4242,1,a,im going to change my name to blake. so i can ask my girl if she wants to wake and blake.
4243,1,a,good morning everyone. did you know that frosted flakes dont taste half bad with red bull instead of milk i think ill run to work today.
4244,1,a,cop you already had your phonecall now state your name for the tape or you are going to jail ivana fonekaal [looks at lawyer]
4245,1,a,doctor doctor i have only got  seconds to live. wait a minute please.
4246,0,a,you face problems being an adult sickle cell patient said diamond of kansas city mo.
4247,1,a,what did the priest say when watering his garden let us spray.
4248,0,a,camp meeting a trio recording with dejohnette and bassist christian mcbride offers new versions of jazz standards by miles davis bud powell and thelonious monk as well as several hornsby originals.
4249,0,a,and that they did.
4250,1,a,why pyongyang the capital of north korea it is the same noise the elastic bands that launch their nuclear missiles make
4251,0,a,they also can be shifted laterally in a different direction modified without judgment amended in a way that more closely matches reality.
4252,0,a,martin truex jr. will be making only his third career start at homestead-miami but last year he led for  laps and finished second to greg biffle.
4253,1,a,steve jobs maybe he was so disappointed with the new iphone that he died.
4254,0,a,but i do not have the heart to burst their balloon and anyway if you have been through morning sickness stretch marks childbirth the loss of equal pay and status and are looking at decades of cooking cleaning washing and a rubbish pension being taken as a couple of decades younger than your partner every now and then seems only fair.
4255,1,a,there were  cows in a field and one says mooo and the other says... i was going to say that
4256,0,a,a schoolboy was given an unexpected surprise for his th birthday when a stripper turned up in his drama class.
4257,1,a,i got mood poisoning. must have been something i hate.
4258,0,a,pompeo  and ivery became engaged last november after dating for three years.
4259,0,a,canadiens rw alex kovalev played his th regular season game.
4260,1,a,the rain is starting to worry me. im afraid that because i have a beard that my friends will expect me to build an ark.
4261,0,a,but it is also the hamsters children want hamsters or gerbils as a pet and after  or  weeks the novelty wears off and then mum is left with them and she does not like their tails and things like that and so we inevitably get them here at the centre.
4262,0,a,i wake up every day and i thank god.
4263,1,a,we save women and children first because the dads have to make sure all the lights are off and the thermostat is set appropriately.
4264,1,a,i just came up with a new word. plagiarism.
4265,0,a,i am welsh by birth and lead a £.million turnover manufacturing company in wales.
4266,0,a,the democratic strategy appears increasingly aimed not at stopping the war which democratic leaders admit may be politically impossible but to squeezing bush is senate republican allies on iraq before congressional polls next year.
4267,1,a,how many feminists you need to change a lamp that is not funny...
4268,1,a,if i could time-travel forget killing baby hitler. i would go back to use every come back i ever thought of  minutes too late.
4269,0,a,by the time they were ready to go the winds had made it unsafe to fly.
4270,1,a, to his brother hey man all i want is some oatmeal and a nap. it is a joy raising an  year old man.
4271,0,a,the television ads launched this week by a new advocacy group called freedom is watch all have different storytellers tapping into the same narrative vein.
4272,1,a,go down a water slide when it is not wet. and then you will understand the importance of foreplay.
4273,1,a,procrastinators unite. tomorrow
4274,0,a,it is going to be a lesson learned for future operations - you know to have sufficient forces to hold the ground.
4275,0,a,it is a wonderful and global game.
4276,1,a,clever pupil makes fool his teacher pupil teacher would you punish me for something i did not do teacher off course not. pupil good because i did not do my homework.
4277,0,a,and i lost the match.
4278,0,a,search initiatives provides search technology ecommerce and search engine optimization products to newspaper publishers and local business across the us.
4279,1,a,wtf........... a hey man. please call me a taxi. b yes sir. you are a taxi.
4280,0,a,ap correspondents denis gray and margie mason in mae sot thailand and jocelyn gecker in bangkok thailand contributed to this report.
4281,1,a,im extremely terrified that donald trump might run this country..... i completely mean that.
4282,1,a,knock knock. who is there .  who you said youd never forget....
4283,1,a,i can not believe i forgot to go to the gym today. that is seven years in a row now.
4284,0,a,swimmers and sunbathers at rockaway beach n.y. were enjoying a peaceful day of sun and sand saturday when the tell-tale sign of a dorsal fin slicing through the waves sparked a panic.
4285,1,a,what do you get hanging from father  christmas roof tired arms.
4286,1,a,my penis is in the guinness book of world records... ...i wonder how long i can keep it here until i got kicked out of the library.
4287,0,a,the london-based tropical storm risk which tracks tropical storms said that the cyclone was a category  storm with winds of  miles per hour and that it was heading north toward the heavily populated southern coast and the capital dhaka.
4288,0,a,december  herbert hainer ceo adidas
4289,1,a,wanna hear a joke about my penis nah that would be too long anyway.
4290,1,a,i was awake all night cause my neighbor was listening to dubstep... link i was lying there waiting for the other beat to drop.
4291,0,a,the most important thing is we keep improving and get to a level that is good enough.
4292,0,a,jamaican sets mark in semifinal heat at meet in italy
4293,1,a,what did jesus say when he made his return hey guys. what is goin on tweet my return. jesusreturns
4294,1,a,the best ben dover type of names you know thread. i just used one of these types of names as a joke earlier and realized i do not know that many of them. i bet reddit knows a lot of them.
4295,1,a,what did arnold schwarzenegger say before he went down the mine i will be black.
4296,0,a,he complained about progress on a number of bills before congress including children is health insurance spending plans and internal surveillance legislation saying congress has wasted much of the past nine months.
4297,1,a,interviewer why do you want this job me i have just always been very passionate about not starving to death
4298,0,a,two big landmarks were reached this week which are of acute interest to anyone seized with the economic aspects of the scottish government is national conversation about independence.
4299,1,a,what is the similarity between a burned pizza and parents if it is black it will not give you any food
4300,0,a,survivors described their escape amid chaos smoke and fire.
4301,0,a,during the writers strike of  the oscars still went on—but that situation was different from today.
4302,0,a,the trade group is chief economist lawrence yun said the housing market is likely to experience a modest recovery next year as mortgage markets stabilize.
4303,0,a,kubel who had a two-hit game sunday against the white sox also doubled in the first for his th multi-hit game. ...
4304,1,a,why does riding in an elevator make ghosts happy it lifts spirits
4305,0,a,defensive coaches do not have in-helmet communication with a defensive player.
4306,0,a,the jayhawks’ star cornerback aqib talib set up a -yard scott webb field goal with his fourth interception of the season but the game wasn’t in hand until the cowboys’ quick-strike offense was stopped on downs with  to play.
4307,0,a,italian conductor abbado calls off concerts due to ill-health
4308,0,a,iris toyer head of parents united for the d.c. public schools said she contacted several schools after rhee is announcement and could not find evidence of a sweeping shortage.
4309,0,a,the u.s. military said it had killed four heavily armed gunmen tied to al-qaida in iraq in an operation friday near muqdadiyah in diyala.
4310,0,a,i have been a victim of some poor umpiring decisions some unfortunate dismissals and a few incredibly good balls delivered at just the wrong moment.
4311,0,a,the national hispanic corporate council link is a non- profit organization dedicated to providing its member companies resources on effectively maximizing the diversity of the hispanic market opportunity through marketing community relations human resources and procurement.
4312,0,a,they were turned away proving they said that mr. chaudhry and other dismissed supreme court justices who live in the same area were still captive.
4313,1,a,what kind of cookies do atoms eat fig neutrons
4314,1,a,what porn do sea animals watch prawnography
4315,1,a,did you hear about the mexican train killer he had locomotives
4316,1,a,went to see the new  pixels  movie but the resolution was bad
4317,1,a,she left me alone in the house with cupcakes cooling. rookie mistake.
4318,0,a,staff researcher bob lyford contributed to this report.
4319,0,a,a tsunami warning drill on java was unaffected by wednesday is landslides.
4320,0,a,for burnley fans - even among their tiny prawn-sandwich brigade - blackburn are routinely labelled bd rovers preston simply nb end and blackpool the donkey lashers a name coined by a football league linesman neil yates on a burnley fans website after he had officiated at a game there.
4321,0,a,when osama bin laden issued his videotaped message to the american people last month a young jihad enthusiast went online to help spread the word.
4322,1,a,woman is it a boy or a girl doctor doctor it is a mango. a perfectly ripe mango woman oh thank god. i hate babies
4323,1,a,what is the worst place to be during a tornado cracker barrel.
4324,1,a,jokes about white sugar are rare but brown sugar demerara source [this tweet]link by [ofalafel on twitter]link.
4325,0,a,it is the second crumbled merger in recent years for carnegie which scrapped plans in  to join forces with the new york philharmonic.
4326,1,a,why is salsa dancing so popular guacamole dancing is an extra ..
4327,1,a,slides  to the funeral director maybe you can get me the widow is phone number
4328,0,a,by rob stein washington post staff writer saturday november    am
4329,1,a,if someone says they are going to quit their job to become a stand-up comedian ... are you supposed to laugh
4330,1,a,neil armstrong used to tell really bad jokes about walking on the moon. nobody would laugh but then immediately after neil would follow up with ah well i guess you had to be there.
4331,0,a,lilla offers a cogent explanation for why christian europe got to the enlightenment first.
4332,0,a,making his third major league start kennedy left after gregg zaun walked to begin the eighth.
4333,1,a,so this baby seal walks into a club... ...
4334,0,a,it looked like when one turned around the rest kind of followed.
4335,0,a,as part of a partnership to be announced wednesday the online search leader will dispense driving directions at thousands of gasoline pumps across the united states beginning early next month.
4336,1,a,i like my coffee like i like my i like my coffee jokes not made by me.
4337,0,a,we have to be at the top of our game for all the games we play and i think that has been the realisation of the first quarter of the season.
4338,1,a,what happens when you give viagra to a politician he gets taller
4339,1,a,jello hooker what is the difference between jello and a dead hooker jello wiggles when you eat it out
4340,1,a,i bring my kids to a romantic restaurant on valentine is day as a birth control reminder to the other couples.
4341,1,a,i do not believe in bigfoot because he never believed in me. i would scan the crowd at my ballet recitals and always see that one empty seat.
4342,1,a,my parent trap worked perfectly. i now have five parents.
4343,0,a,after discussions with administrator for mine safety and health richard stickler i am taking the unprecedented step of appointing independent outside experts to evaluate msha is actions regarding the tragedy at the crandall canyon mine on august  and the subsequent rescue efforts said secretary of labor elaine l. chao.
4344,0,a,one person hollered we love you.
4345,0,a,the show is based around a th-century chinese fable featuring a magical journey to india by the monkey king to collect sacred buddhist scrolls and rescue china from moral decline.
4346,0,a,how the cup works
4347,0,a,it requires political will to turn the launch key at bushehr and there is no reason to think that russia lacks it said vladimir orlov the head of pir center a think tank specializing in nuclear issues.
4348,1,a,hillary clinton very well just might be the first f president. i left out the emale because someone deleted them.
4349,0,a,so elton missed hearing phoebe snow’s phenomenal rendition of empty garden the song he wrote after john lennon was murdered.
4350,0,a,the conservative party has convinced itself that it has recovered by returning to its traditional issues – crime tax europe and immigration – and by being far more aggressive in its attacks on the prime minister.
4351,1,a,what is the first sign of spring two rednecks carrying a heater into the pawn shop.
4352,0,a,gordon who hand-picked johnson to join hendrick motorsports when the team expanded to four cars in  marveled at how strong his protege has been during this championship hunt.
4353,0,a,the most painful stab on the back of the shiites in iraq by the iranian regime has been its shameful abuse of shiite religion to achieve its ominous ends the petition states.
4354,0,a,reconciliation of net income under gaap to adjusted ebitda for the following periods for the three for the nine months ended months ended september september september september         in thousands of u.s. in thousands of u.s. dollars except share dollars except share and per share date and per share date net income     add interest expense  --  -- income tax expense     depreciation and amortization     non-cash stock compensation expense     less interest income     adjusted ebitda     add provision for goodwill impairment  --  -- less gain from disposal of subsidiary  --  -- non-gaap fully diluted losses     for more information please contact christina low f.s. investor relations officer tel +--- x email link
4355,0,a,south after taking the trick with dummy’s jack cashed the diamond ace ruffed a diamond in hand played a club to dummy’s king and ruffed the last diamond.
4356,0,a,anthony - -  najera - -  camby - -  carter - -  iverson - -  nene - -  atkins - -  kleiza - -  smith - - .
4357,1,a,glad the lady in front of me decided at the last second to stop at the yellow light as i prefer to eat my fries from the dashboard.
4358,0,a,so we have to look at our ideas for disabling against the actual facility south korean news agency yonhap quoted hill as saying in a news conference here. there are many different ways you can disable a nuclear facility.
4359,1,a,i realized i was maybe not the best listener when a friend had to come out to me twice.
4360,1,a,why are portraits of george washington displayed in british bathrooms because nothing makes the british shit quicker than the sight of george washington
4361,0,a,yet josh watkins the student whose door was vandalized and black leaders contend the university might not have advanced quite as far as enrollment suggests.
4362,0,a,wall street took a beating on monday from record-breaking oil prices and a weak earnings report from citigroup.
4363,1,a,what does an internet frog say reddit reddit
4364,1,a,why are white people racist against black people cause they have smaller pps lol
4365,0,a,the island site would also provide a variety of launch paths that would not overfly populated areas — a particular concern for china after a rocket failure in  killed hundreds of people in a village near a launch site the same rocket used for this month is moonshot it turns out.
4366,1,a,what is brown and rhymes with snoop dr. dre
4367,1,a,they are predicting record highs for wednesday. in other news the weather will be hotter than usual.
4368,0,a,israeli prime minister ehud olmert received a boost earlier this week when a group of prominent israeli intellectuals and former army officers pledged their support for his peace efforts.
4369,0,a,however she maintained ryan’s decision was wrong.
4370,1,a,did you hear about the kid that became a paraplegic he had to roll with it...
4371,1,a,i got a paper cut writing my suicide note it is a start
4372,1,a,how far do burgers go in school through cowlege then they get their  degrees..
4373,1,a,did you hear about the village idiot  buying bird seed he said he wanted to grow some birds.
4374,0,a,tribal leaders from iraq is al-anbar province pressed us defense secretary robert gates wednesday for help in expanding the size of the local police forces there a pentagon spokesman said.
4375,1,a,i would do a joke about amphibians. but they have all been toad.
4376,0,a,in the september  newsweek cover what kind of decider would she be on newsstands monday september  senior writer and political correspondent jonathan darman speaks with the democratic frontrunner in the race for the party nomination about what she has learned over her years in politics and what she has to offer as a leader.
4377,0,a,new york ap -- starting in october hundreds of americans will be getting dear taxpayer letters telling them they have been selected for a special audit by the internal revenue service.
4378,0,a,most people know the three most common states of matter—solid liquid and gas.
4379,1,a,fill in the blank friends are like_____ mine is friends are like trees if you hit them with an axe they fall over.
4380,0,a,that means downing street may end up gambling everything on the chances of winning over the rebel labour mps who helped inflict tony blair is first and only defeat the last time this issue came up in the commons.
4381,1,a,how can you tell if someone is an entrepreneur do not worry they will tell you
4382,0,a,who knew he could be another danny kaye
4383,1,a,there is a place i like to go when i want to be totally alone... link is called google plus.
4384,1,a,oscar pistorius brings a whole new meaning to taking your missus out on valentine is day.
4385,1,a,how do you know when you have run out of invisible ink when your writing becomes visible.
4386,1,a,what do you call a dyslexic insomniac philosopher a person who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog.
4387,0,a,mogul energy is a delaware corporation with its principal place of business in seattle washington the common shares of mogul energy are quoted on the otc bulletin board otcbb system under the symbol mguy and the frankfurt stock exchange fse under the symbol bkx.
4388,1,a,the disney channel should be renamed celebrity prehab.
4389,0,a,men and relationships she said have been frankly a big disappointment in my life.
4390,0,a,june   - it was perhaps no surprise that beleaguered yahoo.
4391,0,a,rudra pratap --- nb w
4392,1,a,[hunting] in order to attract the stag i perform the special call [clears throat cups hands round mouth] come over here antler jerk
4393,1,a,a donkey a calf and a foal walk into a bar... its not a joke it really happened in melbourne not that long ago
4394,0,a,explosion on a navy cruiser injures 
4395,1,a,everyone prepare yourself for national how is it may already day coming up tomorrow where people who do not know how calendars work tweet.
4396,1,a,q what did the female cat say to the male cat - a you are the purrfect cat for me.
4397,1,a,kids in my day we did not have text messaging. we had to write a do you like me yes or no note and pass it through  mutual friends.
4398,0,a,you also need to eat.
4399,1,a,why did the man on a lake full of docks build another one he felt the peir pressure
4400,1,a,where do burgers go to dance at the meatball u .fookers.
4401,1,a,i like my coffee like i like my women... in a burlap sack and on the back of a donkey.
4402,0,a,h.h. the emir receives congratulations from advisory council speaker
4403,1,a,saw an ad for a mirror. it said never used. how then did they know it was a mirror
4404,1,a,confucius he say man who wank into till come into money. source my mate dave at uni circa .
4405,0,a,it won the academy award that year for best original song.
4406,1,a,im going to bed tonight at a reasonable hour so i can be extremely obnoxious at an unreasonable hour tomorrow.
4407,1,a,how do you get down from a horse you do not. you get down from a duck.
4408,1,a,why are americans so bad at chess because they do not have  towers.
4409,1,a,my wife said im just like pluto i have a very cold heart
4410,1,a,why did the scarecrow get promoted he was outstanding in his field.
4411,1,a,pretty sure hr is going to be paying me a visit thanks to the cw that emailed to thank me for all the services i provided them.
4412,0,a,in a position paper on education unveiled in new hampshire clinton is rival advocated delaying for five years the program to build the new multibillion-dollar constellation spacecraft and using the savings to fund a variety of education initiatives.
4413,1,a,my wife slammed her fist on the table and shouted... why must you question everything i say. ...everything i replied
4414,1,a,a baby seal walks into a club
4415,0,a,key components of the business restructuring plan include -- the peripheral interventions and interventional cardiology businesses will be combined under a single management structure to help create a more integrated business focused on interventional specialists while enhancing technology and management efficiencies. -- the electrophysiology business will be integrated with the cardiac rhythm management business to better serve the needs of electrophysiologists by creating a more efficient organization. -- the oncology business and its four franchises will be restructured.
4416,0,a,his grandfather died of leukemia at .
4417,1,a,my dad caught me smoking his cigarettes... he beat me until i was white and gold.
4418,0,a,they said ‘wouldn’t it be great if we could see the beatles in color’ pam recalled.
4419,0,a,wipha a woman is name in thai was upgraded from a tropical storm monday.
4420,0,a,when no.  south florida lost to rutgers on thursday night it bolstered the fifth-ranked tigers chances.
4421,1,a,a boy bought some tesco burgers from the canteen the dinnerlady asked what he wanted on them. the boy replied i will have  each way.
4422,1,a,you guys know chumbawamba broke up because you kept spelling it chumbawumba right
4423,1,a,what is black and white and red all over. and cant fit through a revolving door a nun with a javelin through her.
4424,0,a,if he wins again this means that violence against muslims can be used for political gain.
4425,1,a,siri fight alexa.
4426,1,a,announcement denim club meeting is cancelled. avery ripped his jean vest at the supermarket. hes okay but very upset.
4427,0,a,they are trying to be as dirty as they can be or as dirty as they can get away with he said.
4428,1,a,what is the worst thing about eating vegetables putting them back in the wheelchair when you are done.
4429,0,a,at the conclusion of this transaction banctrust is expected to be one of the five largest publicly traded bank holding companies headquartered in alabama with  locations offering general banking and trust services in alabama and florida and approximately . billion in assets.
4430,0,a,this is going to be a tough question.
4431,0,a,meanwhile danish champions copenhagen inflicted a - defeat on celtic in last season is champions league and dropped into this year is uefa cup after losing to benfica in the third qualifying round.
4432,1,a,animals that lose their tails visit the retail store.
4433,1,a,by the nervous look on his face i thought my boyfriend had an engagement ring hidden in his hand but it was just a stranger is bra. whew.
4434,0,a,korsten-reck is team followed  obese children ages  to  who participated in the -month program.
4435,1,a,buffet why did the guy at the all you can eat place go from one serving table to the other to get to the other sides.
4436,0,a,but when sen. jim demint r-s.c. asked crocker to talk about tehran is meddling in iraq his response was a state department classic.
4437,1,a,orange is the new black is what a trump says after fucking a kardashian.
4438,0,a,there are  drivers on the gp grid this season and  in formula nippon.
4439,0,a,prices had spiked thursday close to recent records after the us department of energy said american crude reserves slumped by . million barrels in the week to october .
4440,1,a,if a tree falls in the woods and no one is there to hear it does it still make a sound no because trees can not talk.
4441,1,a,q how do chinese people name their babies a they throw them down the stairs to see what noise they make.
4442,1,a,the one redeeming thing about wearing a women is size  shoe is that everyone naturally assumes my dick is enormous.
4443,1,a,a mexican magician tell his audience he will disappear on the count of  uno dos... poof he disappeared without a tres
4444,0,a,nowak  pleaded not guilty to attempted kidnapping battery and burglary with assault.
4445,0,a,ms. tyrrell said helicopters came but did not shoot.
4446,1,a,i think i might have a shower. checks yes i have a shower.
4447,0,a,us man seeks change for m bill
4448,1,a,mommy mommy i do not wanna see grandma. shut up and keep digging.
4449,1,a,i like my women like i like my cigars  years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack
4450,0,a,seven holidaymakers were trekking with their guides on saturday in kao sok national park in the province of surat thani  kilometres  miles south of bangkok when heavy rain caused a stream in the cave to rise suddenly.
4451,1,a,[doc pulls baby out of mom and immediately slides it under his shirt] oh no now im pregnant haha no [pulls it out] just kidding here you go
4452,0,a,unfortunately for the chickens their taste of liberty was short-lived.
4453,0,a,from there despite having almost every part of the car fail at one point or another they shot straight east to new york on what would eventually more or less become interstate  winning the  bet and immortality.
4454,0,a,you need to be able to enjoy it down the stretch and at least i feel like im backing myself.
4455,1,a,how are dogs and addicts similar they both have paws
4456,1,a,my brother and i have competed for title of family black sheep for yrs. he checked in at a link fb. well played brother well played
4457,1,a,when it gets cold in ireland we all sit round a candle. and when it gets really cold we light it.
4458,1,a,im amazed by the number of people who text while driving. how do they manage to maintain control of their car without spilling their beer
4459,1,a,why did the three year old african boy buy a red convertible he was having a midlife crisis.
4460,0,a,statistics canada based in ottawa also reported employment grew in november by about  jobs bringing the employment rate to . percent.
4461,0,a,to break this logjam blackstone a private-equity firm turned gamekeeper was brought in on october st to advise northern rock under the treasury is alert eye.
4462,0,a,but being here seems to make sense you know appropriate.
4463,0,a,a rescue service spokesman said the powerful blast destroyed the glass in the windows of a nearby building.
4464,0,a,speier p     drew ss    
4465,1,a,my pistol only holds  bullets so when i lose my shit i only get to kill  people or one cat.
4466,0,a,but the care of the dogs is not vick is only financial burden according to the court documents.
4467,1,a,i have a work fetish i never come too late.
4468,1,a,ted cruz according to the news is planning that either cruz or his administration will be compiling their documents to make a integral political announcement this afternoon [hope you can decrypt it]
4469,1,a,what did the police officer say to stop the depressed man from jumping off the bridge you have potential. sorry if this is a repost just thought of it now.
4470,1,a,doom . all of the guns suck so we made punching take forever.
4471,0,a,kerik was supposed to be there to help train the police force.
4472,1,a,are you guys all right no you are all left
4473,0,a,because our country is under attack.
4474,0,a,juba sudan reuters - talks to resolve a standoff in sudan is national coalition government could resume next week after a first round ended without resolution threatening a fragile peace agreement that ended africa is longest war.
4475,0,a,rushes-yards - -
4476,0,a,if they split them evenly he has no money left for extras.
4477,0,a,we think we do from the outside but i think that is misleading she said at an apple orchard.
4478,0,a,dubbed rainbow the police operation began on monday and involved some  officers across  french departments.
4479,0,a,principal teacher susan yeoman said the aim of using blogs and podcasts was to motivate the students and get their work out of the school context and into the wider world.
4480,0,a,a little girl came up to me and said `you made me cry last week and i felt bad mills mccartney added.
4481,0,a,more than a dozen soldiers ran out of water before completing the course and called to be picked up some complaining of dizziness vomiting or severe leg cramps.
4482,1,a,the great wall of america... link gonna be made in china.
4483,1,a,yes of course i love french films. have you seen rugrats in paris
4484,1,a,a bunch of homeless people moved in at a local gyn they heard there was other people squatting there.
4485,0,a,it was the one place he was not blindfolded while moving around the prison.
4486,0,a,under title vii of the civil rights act of  employers can not discriminate against their workers based on religion and they also have to make reasonable accommodations for their employees sincerely held religious practices wherever possible.
4487,0,a,oil prices shot past  a barrel today on what one analyst described as a perfect storm of economic news ranging from tensions in the middle east to growing anticipation of a fed rate cut.
4488,1,a,doctor does it hurt when i do this takes you out several times then acts distant
4489,1,a,on the topic of relationships today a feminist asked me how i view lesbian relationships. apparently in hd was not the right answer.
4490,0,a,scare for scottish investors as laptop is stolen
4491,0,a,now this lifelong dream has ended in defeat and public humiliation.
4492,1,a,being cremated..... ..... is my last hope for a smoking hot body.
4493,1,a,how did charles darwin die natural causes.
4494,0,a,other candidates in the crowded gop field had lobbied for brownback is support over the past few weeks.
4495,0,a,few of the thousands of messages posted by contributors on the web sites — who are only identified by usernames — called for direct violence against al-jazeera.
4496,0,a,a spokeswoman at the diana princess of wales hospital in grimsby said mr barker was comfortable.
4497,0,a,jose did not resign and he was not sacked.
4498,0,a,no iraqi civilians or u.s. soldiers were hurt.
4499,0,a,truck driver abdel rahim skafee said he comes to qebya from the central israeli city of ramle about  times a week.
4500,0,a,people ask me what vitamins they should take’’ said dr. jacobs.
4501,1,a,the other guy on this cliff screaming at the sky just threw his wedding ring over which makes me feel less bad about losing my kite.
4502,0,a,police believe coon targeted the two teachers he shot wednesday.
4503,0,a,instead of buying two paintings at  each he explained a collector might buy  paintings at  or  at  each.
4504,0,a,the next attorney general must restore confidence in the rule of law he said.
4505,0,a,the eu commission which backed this directive says four eu countries will not be ready to implement the directive spain hungary the czech republic and poland.
4506,0,a,mustafa ali  of philadelphia then executed the two retired philadelphia police officers as they serviced the cash machine police said.
4507,0,a,two laptop computers with detailed personal information about commercial drivers who transport hazardous materials are missing and considered stolen.
4508,1,a,what is the difference between a joke and two dicks you do not look like you could take a joke.
4509,1,a,why did the chicken cross the road to get to the other side... haha funny fun pun so funny joke haha upvote this haha lol =
4510,1,a,edgy you are seriously describing wine as edgy vodka with xanax and a side of knife fight is edgy. this is welch is.
4511,1,a,my neighbor is both a taxidermist and a veterinarian he has a sign that says either way you get your dog back
4512,1,a,ever tried ethiopian food no neither have they.
4513,0,a,he gets mad when snow keeps him home even though it is his second favorite thing after his father.
4514,0,a,the local markets in china--shanghai and shenzhen--are pretty much unhinged from the fundamentals by any stretch of the imagination agrees john christy editor of forbes international investment report.
4515,1,a,blown out of all proportion ... .. is a cliche you do not see every day of the week.
4516,1,a,we often criticize pedophiles... but they at least drive slowly near schools.
4517,1,a,it is so cute how my kids think im going to go look for them after i finish counting to ten.
4518,0,a,in july the catholic world news quoted vatican secretary of state cardinal tarcisio bertone as calling li a very good and qualified individual.
4519,1,a,i can turn anything into a boomerang just by throwing it straight up
4520,0,a,previously they were required to reimburse plane owners the equivalent of a first-class ticket but now they must pay charter rates which can increase travel costs tenfold.
4521,0,a,the meeting represents a triumph of sorts for cardinal tarcisio bertone the vatican secretary of state and especially for cardinal jean-louis tauran president of the pontifical council for interreligious dialogue.
4522,0,a,mcleod also moved past rashad bartholomew and dick jauron into second place on the program’s career rushing list with  yards.
4523,1,a,welcome to plastic surgery addicts anonymous i see a lot of new faces in here this week and i just have to say im really disappointed
4524,0,a,gay is also competing in the m which he leads this season with ..
4525,0,a,a treatment that works even in part by altering our perception of that problem would seem like more of a fake says charles morin director of the sleep research center at laval university in quebec city.
4526,1,a,nasa was planning on building a restaurant on the moon they cancelled because they figured it would not have any atmosphere.
4527,1,a,if you give everyone easier access to guns then nobody will shoot anyone else because everyone has the guns and nobody will use them ever
4528,0,a,online negative campaigning dates back at least to  and the e-mail chains that attacked sen. john mccain r-ariz. and vice president al gore.
4529,1,a,me where is your maternity section her over there. how far along is she me her im shopping for my thanksgiving pants. her...
4530,0,a,weekly phone calls to her children stopped abruptly in the winter of  and no one has heard from mrs. geurin since.
4531,0,a,the scheduled  wage increase at gm and ford motor company was diverted to cover rising health-care costs under special agreements the union negotiated with both companies in the face of massive losses.
4532,1,a,so a guy enters a theme park alone
4533,1,a,a cashier asks a feminist  cash or credit she replies  did you just assume my tender
4534,1,a,people are writing condolences on my grandma is facebook that sound more like yelp reviews of her. great woman very loving  stars
4535,0,a,many have taken place in cities just south of the border.
4536,1,a,are you an old person because i would love to give you a stroke.
4537,1,a,my gf was sick and said sperm has a lot of vitamin c in it... i told her i guess that means i can be her c-man
4538,1,a,just been fined  for having a joint in my greenhouse. i guess people in glass houses should not get stoned.
4539,0,a,and then i will do table layout and napkin folding... a bit of napkin origami.
4540,0,a,beijing ap - the united states has gravely undermined relations with china by giving the dalai lama an award the chinese government said thursday.
4541,1,a,do not take a leaf out of my book i use leaves as bookmarks.
4542,1,a,times new roman walks into a saloon. the bartender says to him im sorry we do not serve your type here. so he shot the serif.
4543,1,a,someone ran over a deaf dumb and blind man near me last night. poor bloke did not know what had hit him.
4544,0,a,prince says reports he has indicated one of the four blackwater gun trucks involved in the shooting came under fire.
4545,0,a,we do not have a fixed number or a particular thing we are looking for.
4546,1,a,i have a great motto for a sperm bank. you spank it we bank it.
4547,1,a,what sentence did the man who took  minutes to turn around get manslowturn.
4548,0,a,with the threat from sharif apparently out of the way musharraf is side may take a tougher line with bhutto.
4549,1,a,me [walks up to boss] slap boss wth. me it is natl bully month boss no it is natl bully prevention month. me well this is awkward
4550,1,a,why are black people good at basketball because they shoot steal and run.
4551,1,a,old school chicken joke why did the chicken cross the road roll in the mud and crossed the road again because he was a dirty double-crosser.
4552,1,a,know any good dj jokes this is the only good one i know why do not djs play pool they always scratch.
4553,0,a,the company said its gross profit margin increased  percentage points to . percent during the quarter.
4554,0,a,jacobus petrus du randt - os to his friends and adversaries alike - will be down at ground level in the springboks front row.
4555,0,a,no lie mri has already begun selling what it calls its truth verification technology for about  to individuals keen to prove their innocence.
4556,1,a,when people say let is not get off on the wrong foot here i reply please do not get off on either of my feet.
4557,1,a,hey baby im like fred flintstone i can really make your bed-rock. also i live in a cave and do not have any electricity
4558,0,a,that may have changed since the words sexual harassment entered his vocabulary.
4559,0,a,ace not sharp on short rest as nl central tightens again
4560,0,a,our unity in the lord jesus christ leads us to provide ways in which those who believe in biblical unity to continue the biblical mission of the church.
4561,0,a,flowy full skirts camouflage thighs.
4562,0,a,however when she received insurance cards she used them freely county officials told the macomb daily.
4563,1,a,commercials that never made it to air here is my entry have you had an accident that was not your fault and has ruined your life next time use durex.
4564,1,a,what is the great thing about having aids for gay men no need to worry about getting it again
4565,0,a,but the thing is that the state power has been hijacked by the handful of the military leaders...
4566,1,a,you know who are great at shadow puppets deaf people.
4567,1,a,reward lost dog what kind of a reward is a lost dog
4568,1,a,why can you ran in a campsite but never run in a campsite because it is always past-tents.
4569,1,a,what is large gray wrinkly and not important an irrelephant.
4570,0,a,nicola sturgeon knows her political history.
4571,0,a,following this decision anadys has undertaken a strategic restructuring to focus its resources on the development of ana a small-molecule non-nucleoside inhibitor of the nsb polymerase for the treatment of hcv and ana an oral tlr agonist prodrug for the treatment of certain cancers.
4572,1,a,what is a stoners favorite word here. must be said like you are holding a hit in
4573,0,a,of the  manufactured five are being auctioned on ebay and the remaining are being given to ridemakerz crewmembers and vips.
4574,1,a,ever see the same type of towel you own at a friend is house and be like motherfucker stole my towel but really you are just drunk at an arbys
4575,1,a,the spanish word of the day is wheelchair. ex. there is only one donut left so wheelchair.
4576,1,a,so i was coloring my few grey hairs with a sharpie and hubby walked in. he told me im the reason for warning labels on small appliances.
4577,0,a,and memorably in  minnesotan voters went to the polls in record numbers to elect a former professional wrestler named jesse the body ventura as their governor running on a reform party ticket.
4578,0,a,the company strongly denied the allegations and mr. bloomberg has said he has not been involved in running bloomberg l.p. since  when he ran for mayor.
4579,1,a,q why did the engineer put a clock under his desk a he wanted to work overtime.
4580,0,a,in nonmilitary airship news a company called magenn is using airships to keep an electric turbine aloft.
4581,1,a,my dog used to chase people on a bike a lot... link got so bad finally i had to take his bike away.
4582,1,a,how can you tell if a pedophile is jewish hey little kid. want to buy some candy
4583,1,a,fuck. my iphone added a g to sayin and now my black friends think im lame.
4584,1,a,what is the average lifespan of an owl about six and a half books.
4585,1,a,q how do you catch a red elephant a with a red elephant trap.
4586,0,a,orlando marquez president of the jeepney association of the philippines an umbrella group of jeepney operators says there are about half a million registered jeepneys plying the roads today and about an equal number of illegal jeepneys which operate without government permits.
4587,0,a,in march  pesce murdered the fascist journalist ather capelli.
4588,0,a,but investors gleaned some reason for optimism from comments by richard w. fisher president of the federal reserve bank of dallas who said inflationary pressures were increasingly well behaved and that the fed was listening carefully to signals about business conditions.
4589,1,a,lies i tell at work ~ im sorry i said that ~ i did not mean to offend you ~ it will not happen again ~ of course i do not think you are an idiot
4590,0,a,grady sizemore is rbi single tied the score after chris gomez is double.
4591,1,a,why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat because if they fell forwards they would fall back into the boat.
4592,0,a,the spokesman colonel bush said yesterday that dogs were no longer used at the detention camp.
4593,0,a,the chemotherapies are given intravenously in our infusion center as an outpatient.
4594,1,a,a good way to keep a secret from me is to leave it on my voicemail
4595,0,a,all of the above were in attendance.
4596,1,a,it is thanksgiving. who does not like turkey russia.
4597,1,a,why was the router released early from prison it had connections.
4598,1,a,theft solution tits. nobody is thinking about larceny when they are looking at tits. so ladies help stop crime... show us your tits.
4599,1,a,what does mario wear denim denim denim
4600,1,a,people really hate my cheesy puns... but im quite fondue of them.
4601,1,a,local pharmacy robbed... local pharmacy robbed tonight. entire stock of viagra taken. police on look out for hardened criminal.
4602,0,a,customer interest in this market-leading technology is significant illustrated by nec electronics nvidia st microelectronics and texas instruments having already signed licenses as early lead partners for the product.
4603,1,a,cross the road... monkey q why did the monkey cross the road a so he could get spanked.
4604,0,a,ball and chain the trouble with modern marriage £. fusion press is out now.
4605,1,a,i upset a jehovah is witness at work today... link started telling me a knock-knock joke but i would not answer.
4606,1,a,have you never heard of the boy that cried wolf the girl that coughed bees the boy that sneezed sharks the girl that shit spiders
4607,1,a,[nsfw] why was the pedophile depressed because he could not fit in
4608,0,a,paris came close to a unanimous selection getting  votes.
4609,0,a,the american cancer society estimates  u.s. women will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year.
4610,1,a,what do you call a fish with no eye fsh
4611,1,a,why did the blonde starve to death her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said do not eat.
4612,1,a,i have struggled for years to be above the influence... but i have never been able to get that high
4613,1,a,if you run through an airport yelling marybeth i love you do not go. then you can cut through so many lines of people who like romance.
4614,0,a,it’s uncharted territory.
4615,0,a,thanksgiving has become synonomous with airport horror stories.
4616,1,a,always been a favourite of mine. how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh ten tickles.
4617,0,a,detroit catcher ivan rodriguez won for the th time and outfielders andruw jones ichiro suzuki and torii hunter added to their totals.
4618,0,a,farm groups estimate that  to  percent of field workers lack proper documents.
4619,0,a,while there was minimal public response to an opposition call for a nationwide strike saturday dozens of lawyers clashed with police outside the provincial assembly in the northwestern city of peshawar.
4620,1,a,when does it rain money when there is a change in the weather.
4621,1,a,did you hear about the writer who brought peace to the middle east he had a way with kurds.
4622,0,a,lloyd hope you will stay cleaner in p.e..
4623,0,a,with improved operations and a solid base of technology and intellectual property sun may finally live up to its potential...
4624,1,a,i was visited by three spirits last night vodka rum and gin. . .
4625,1,a,whisky will not fix your problems... but it is worth a shot.
4626,1,a,still waiting for what did not kill me to make me strong.
4627,1,a,my girlfriend stormed into the room. why is there lipstick on your collar she yelled. it is part of the design i said opening up my wardrobe look i have the entire collection.
4628,0,a,i think that is the best way to put it kick the tires on anything including him.
4629,0,a,also retiring is the spoiler racecar used since  in the cup series.
4630,1,a,the early bird gets the worm... but the second mouse gets the cheese.
4631,0,a,despite dat’s extensive promotion to the general public the evidence that it produces enduring improvements in the core symptoms of any psychological disorder is nil they wrote in the journal anthrozoos.
4632,1,a,what do you call someone on the borderline of being diagnosed with a borderline personality disorder an asylum seeker.
4633,1,a,knock knock. [my candamp] who is there mike. mike who. mike och
4634,0,a,their first step was into formula  racing to promote their clothing brand.
4635,0,a,lord have mercy he said laughing.
4636,0,a,wall street will start the new year with minutes from the federal reserve’s dec.  meeting when policy makers lowered key interest rates by a quarter point.
4637,1,a,danger is my middle name. first name avoid. last name at-all-costs-like-a-total-pussy
4638,1,a,what is it called when a man molests with each release per version.
4639,1,a,why did the dinosaur cross the road because the chicken joke had not been invented yet.
4640,0,a,sputnik comes along and people get energized because they were there at the beginning of this noble enterprise called human spaceflight.
4641,0,a,quotes by luciano pavarotti taken from his  autobiography pavarotti my world by luciano pavarotti and william wright.
4642,1,a,did you hear the joke about the gorilla apparently it is not for kids.
4643,1,a,her you ate that entire bag of fried cheese snacks him thought you said they were baked. her i said you were baked.
4644,0,a,nfl cincinnati  indianapolis 
4645,0,a,however barclays has denied this.
4646,0,a,during the vietnam war many antiwar rallies were staged in the park and the grateful dead gave a concert there in .
4647,0,a,only four teams have overcome - deficits in the first round since the playoffs expanded in .
4648,0,a,with the political uncertainty continuing in pakistan analysts say kiyani is key to musharraf is own future.
4649,1,a,what is the difference between ignorance and indifference i do not know and i do not care.
4650,0,a,a dictator never enjoys the support of the masses said the leader of the pakistan people is party.
4651,1,a,i find it really annoying that eating food does not heal wounds like i was led to believe as a kid. damn nintendo.
4652,1,a,what is brightly coloured and looks good on raver kids fire.
4653,1,a,me excuse me hi her um i have a boyfriend me good for you. i was trying to say your herpes cream fell out of your purse
4654,0,a,doom and gloom
4655,1,a,what do you call a little mexican child a paragraph because he is too short to be an essay.
4656,1,a,the c in closed is open... but the o in open is closed
4657,0,a,if this all sounds like a gender-bent death wish that is part of the point.
4658,0,a,he said that valverde had heard the news through his lawyer and was delighted after going through some bad days awaiting his fate.
4659,1,a,according to all these note to self sticky notes i am a very forgetful person also i have no idea what these notes mean
4660,0,a,a grinning allen appears to lick the nipple and squeeze the breast with both hands.
4661,1,a,standing closer to me in line will not get you to the checkout faster.
4662,1,a,if couples who are in love are called love birds then really couples who always fight should be called angry birds.
4663,1,a,why was the laser sad all his gas is argon.
4664,0,a,meanwhile an anti-corruption court in rawalpindi held a hearing in a case involving allegations that the sharif family defaulted on a bank loan and owned property beyond their known sources of income said zulfiqar ahmed bhutta a prosecutor for the state national accountability bureau.
4665,1,a,knock knock who is there . ada . ada who  adamond is forever .
4666,1,a,who said you gotta keep em separated a gov. george wallace b the offspring c my mom teaching me to do laundry d all of the above
4667,1,a,i told a popcorn joke to a bunch of military men the colonels burst.
4668,1,a,if there was a black character in the game of clue... the game would be called solved.
4669,1,a,what is the difference between a porcupine and a bmw a porcupine has the pricks outside.
4670,0,a,the pinball machine that is coors field has proven more confusing than exciting the game played in denver is a different one than the one played anywhere else.
4671,1,a,we have one of the recalled samsung washers. but do not feel sorry for us... we are going to have a blast.
4672,1,a,my friend just ordered a kale and quinoa salad and a side of eggplant fries and now im blinded by whiteness.
4673,1,a,what do you call an introspective monk a deep friar.
4674,0,a,common food additives and colorings can increase hyperactive behavior in a broad range of children a study being released today found.
4675,1,a,so they told me i could not live in the gym but i told them... squatters rights.
4676,1,a,just heard this oldie but goodie from a friend two does are walking out of a bar after a long night of drinking and one turns to the other and says i can not believe i just blew  bucks.
4677,0,a,the police watchdog report into the death of jean charles de menezes has shone a light onto controversial shoot-to-kill tactics for dealing with suicide bombers - but what role did they play on the day he was killed
4678,0,a,gigante operates its retail stores through diverse formats which allow us to offer a wide variety of products to a broad range of customers.
4679,0,a,wouldn’t you be terrified if you were subject to being rousted out of bed at  o’clock in the morning taken away and never knew why
4680,1,a,i often go to fancy dress parties dressed as a shark.... quite honestly the novelty is wearing a little fin
4681,0,a,the house has scheduled a hearing today to examine a lengthy list of other potential cuts in the budget.
4682,0,a,please call +--the-apple today to reserve your place and receive the information that will enable you to participate in the conference.
4683,1,a,i have become quite independent since my wife left... i just put my second load of washing through the microwave.
4684,1,a,it does not matter if you win or lose it is how you play the game. -losers
4685,1,a,why is it romantic when aladdin sings a whole new world while flying on a carpet but pathetic when i sing it while laying on a bath mat
4686,1,a,the series finale of game of thrones will be the camera pulling back and revealing it was a snowglobe and the owner is watching sports instead
4687,1,a,if someone tweets in the bathroom they are live streaming.
4688,0,a,he was broken by the tenacious davydenko when serving for the first set and needed two attempts to serve out the match.
4689,0,a,china has only two carryovers from last year is world champion team cheng fei and he ning.
4690,0,a,brian urlacher returned an interception for a touchdown for the first time in his career adrian peterson ran for  yards and the chicago bears beat the packers -  on a frigid sunday afternoon.
4691,0,a,i know the defensive coaches are excited about the way dwan is playing now billick said it is a great opportunity for dwan.
4692,0,a,we also need diversity in agriculture.
4693,1,a,yesterday i fell down from a  meter ladder. thank god i was on the third step.
4694,0,a,he is also charged with sending a letter bomb to a residential address in folkestone kent.
4695,1,a,what is the difference between jelly and jam well you can jelly your cock up her ass.
4696,1,a,why do flower beds have mulch so you can not see their underplants.
4697,0,a,the rest of the field includes george washington awesome gem and diamond stripes.
4698,0,a,the new york string orchestra style on the other hand coexists happily with th-century ideas of th-century music with mozart haydn and the like treated to warm and fuzzy legato lines and an agreeably tubby sound.
4699,1,a,why did the horse get a dui she had too many maretinis
4700,1,a,it meant nothing to me babe. i swear. when my girl catches me in the closet eating devil is food cake with my bare hands.
4701,1,a,my friends usually get upset with how often i make jokes but i need to stay strong. you see seven days without puns makes one weak.
4702,0,a,because of its divisions italy has become a static society ansa news agency quoted prodi as telling a meeting of the new centre-left democratic party in bologna.
4703,0,a,rate chasing has never been easier than in the last two years because of the internet and personal finance sites like link that have aggregated listings of providers chomping at the bit to get your business with the highest rates said edward woods a senior analyst at celent a financial services research and consulting firm based in boston.
4704,1,a,an interesting fact about owls. their heads can rotate up to  degrees before it comes off in your hand.
4705,0,a,despite the skepticism the ppp is guaranteeing a grand welcome that promises to paralyze this already chaotic city of  million people.
4706,1,a,first cannibal i do not know what to make of my husband these days. second cannibal how about a curry
4707,1,a,[god creating pufferfish] how about a terrifying balloon
4708,1,a,what is the difference between a  year old and a  year old which hole they stick their finger in when no-one is looking.
4709,1,a,finally finds comfiest position in bed bladder so you are not going to believe this
4710,1,a,you know what that is some .. calm down you are being irrational right now.
4711,1,a,where did suzy go when the bombs fell everywhere.
4712,0,a,notes placido polanco singled in the third for his th hit.
4713,0,a,it is going to grow over the next  years from . million to . million.
4714,1,a,what do you call a young gold digger a miner
4715,1,a,pushes math homework away in  i will never need this getting yelled at by subway customer in  i want the bread cut like a rhombus
4716,0,a,whenever you are writing you practise self-censorship.
4717,1,a,what does a nosey pepper do get is jalapeno business.
4718,1,a,how are one out of three american boats born by sea-section.
4719,1,a,roses are red... this one is screwed up you have been warned. our flag is too raise your hand to the sky and gas all the jews
4720,1,a,what do you call a bald porcupine pointless.
4721,0,a,he is also an auctioneer and has done horse-shoeing for nearly  years.
4722,1,a,dark humor is like a child with cancer it never gets old.
4723,1,a,racism test- what do you call a black guy who flies an airplane a pilot of course.
4724,0,a,farid ullah a resident of nearby mir ali said the shells had hit houses in that town.
4725,0,a,al-qaeda gunmen opened fire killing morris is interpreters instantly.
4726,0,a,the center is mission includes supporting basic research and advanced instrumentation development for the creation of novel materials using both top-down and bottom-up self-assembly that provide new insights at the nanoscale level.
4727,1,a,did you hear the last chris brown is song featuring rihanna it is a hit
4728,0,a,all about shopping • travel and tourism
4729,1,a,whats worse than finding a worm in your apple listening to an antijoke.
4730,0,a,this time a longtime critic of the zones sen. carl m. levin d.-mich. has forced the issue adding a provision to legislation last year that gave the district until next month to require meters in city cabs.
4731,1,a,you are never too old to disappoint your parents.
4732,1,a,i did not know how to put this gently so i drew you a picture. that is you. now see the guy choking you that is me.
4733,1,a,im no expert but i would guess the internet really affected encyclopedia sales.
4734,1,a,[guy bursts into crowded real estate agents] ok nobody move from back office aw cmon man - really it is tough enough in this economy.
4735,0,a,he said he hoped the campaign could grow to include other places where visitors arrive.
4736,1,a,one of the most wonderful things in life is to wake up and enjoy a cuddle with somebody. at least that is what my cell mate tells me.
4737,1,a,you are the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
4738,1,a,i can tell a police officer is gay by the way he writes me a ticket instead of letting me off with a warning.
4739,1,a,what do you call a masturbating pickle jerkin gherkin
4740,1,a,i walked in on the janitor using the women is washroom. i asked him what he was doing in there. he said the men is washroom is filthy.
4741,0,a,even as tough as fred is it took everything out of him.
4742,0,a,when it became apparent that hsu had fled the state california authorities sought the assistance of the fbi whose agents arrested him thursday night on federal charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution schadler said.
4743,0,a,the court heard mr walker stated on forms submitted between  and  that he suffered from the muscle condition fibromyalgia me and had severe disabilities which meant he needed round-the-clock care from his wife.
4744,1,a,reddit is biggest april fool is day joke yet link
4745,1,a,did you all hear about the cold air balloon it did not really take off
4746,1,a,how do you blind an asian woman put a windshield in front of her.
4747,0,a,holocaust artwork has turned up before but distel and holocaust scholar michael berenbaum who is with the american jewish university in los angeles say they are unaware of any sequential narrative of camp life comparable to porulski is.
4748,1,a,two art theives were going about their business at an art museum. one said to the other grab the monet and let is gogh.
4749,0,a,barclays capital analysts added that prices were receiving strong support from underlying tightness though sentiment appears to be suffering from a slight resurgence of demand pessimism.
4750,0,a,the joint declaration will not be as detailed as the palestinians had hoped but palestinian negotiator saeb erekat said it is expected to address all the tough issues such as borders jewish settlements jerusalem and palestinian refugees.
4751,0,a,but although at . metres the tidal surge was the greatest since one in  that caused devastating floods in which  people died it was still about cm lower than had been predicted yesterday.
4752,0,a,killings was hurt in a head-on collision during a second-quarter kickoff.
4753,0,a,the monarch is not allowed in the house of commons so the event is held in parliament is upper chamber the house of lords.
4754,0,a,he also noted that there will be an abundance of comedians appearing on the telecast — from lewis black to jon stewart to ellen degeneres — to provide laughs and he also poked fun at himself.
4755,1,a,what do you call salesman with a lisp rodger. he is the one with the lisp not you so why would you call him anything different
4756,0,a,celtics prospects of qualifying for the last  from group d of the champions league not only stayed alive last night but with a stronger pulse.
4757,0,a,scotland have been terrific in this campaign but i am not surprised because their football has got better.
4758,1,a,i have decided to avoid turkey this thanksgiving... way too close to syria.
4759,1,a,nothing is certain but death and adobe flash player updates.
4760,1,a,did you hear about the texas hipster whose bicycle was broken he was fixin to get his fixie fixed.
4761,0,a,the formula for funding mass transportation should be changed before any fares are raised.
4762,1,a,how do you know if a chinese person robs your house your homework is done your computer is upgraded but two hours later the fucker is still trying to back out of your driveway.
4763,0,a,that island now lends its name to one of taiwan is top luxury hotels the lalu link    .
4764,0,a,additionally slides used in the presentation will be made separately available in a printer-friendly format on the company is website.
4765,0,a,a workplace environment which is free from hostility enables people to contribute more effectively to organisational success and to achieve higher levels of job satisfaction.
4766,1,a,i like girls with curves if i wanted to see bones i would go to the damn museum.
4767,0,a,tv replays showed johnson stepping out of bounds at the -yard line but cameron did not challenge the touchdown.
4768,1,a,i would tell you a joke about my penis. . . but it is too short andamp not many people get it.
4769,1,a,so a waitress pours coffee on a mans hat he says i will send you the bill.
4770,0,a,suffolk superior court judge merita hopkins sided with the union and ordered the station not to air details of the autopsies.
4771,0,a,consumers’ expectations for inflation edged lower to . percent in september from . percent in august.
4772,1,a,so i heard my gf fart for the first link denied it but i had already decided earlier i would never argue with my imaginary gf.
4773,0,a,jenny craig the weight-loss company is upgrading the computerized record-keeping and analysis tools that are available to its consultants at  centers around the country.
4774,1,a,i was gonna make a sodium joke but... na
4775,0,a,a well-rounded workout
4776,1,a,what do you call a dog with no legs and brass balls sparky
4777,0,a,the international community will understand it well he said.
4778,1,a,how i like my women i like my women like i like my scotch. twelve years old and mixed up with coke.
4779,0,a,whisky bottle sells for £
4780,1,a,my wife is cock crazy... two licks then she goes nuts.
4781,0,a,two alternatives are already widely used worldwide.
4782,1,a,did you hear about the government funded study that found that vicious but restrained dogs could have a sobering effect on people using lsd it was a taxes chained-dog acid-cure.
4783,1,a,my love for you is like a fart. everything about it is powered by my heart.
4784,1,a,most people see a pregnant mom planned parenthood sees a parts store.
4785,1,a,best man speech joke help hi everyone mu buddy is getting married on indepedence day and need some help for a good joke for the speech. i am the best man.
4786,1,a,my wife told me she wanted the body of a stripper. but she screamed when i brought her one.
4787,0,a,we are looking forward to having a wonderful time being together.
4788,1,a,why were helen keller is hands purple... ... because she heard it through the grape vine.
4789,0,a,someone with a bit of ambition could really make something of the garden said ann stephens the local gardener who has been overseeing the work of clearing planting and uncovering older plants.
4790,0,a,man in court over bus crash death
4791,0,a,that tamarisk invasion seems to be facilitated by an increase in sedimentation of the estuary.
4792,0,a,in other violence militants attacked a private security company wednesday in zabul province killing one security guard the defense ministry said.
4793,0,a,so we do not play him in every game and the dilemma is do we start him or do we bring him on.
4794,0,a,some leaders are under preventative detention to ward off any threat to law and order to protect the sanctity of the institutions he said.
4795,0,a,that joint venture is expected to be formalized this fall after ett receives approval to operate as a utility by the public utility commission of texas puct.
4796,1,a,what do you call a friendly helicopter a hello-copter
4797,0,a,raffo is body was the first to be identified.
4798,0,a,vitter is office did not immediately return a phone message tuesday.
4799,0,a,likewise people transporting large quantities of meat using unmarked cars rather than marked vans are all examples of behaviour that could raise suspicions.
4800,0,a,twelve years ago an attempt by a reformist french prime minister to put an end to public-sector pension privileges brought m protesters on to the streets and weeks of paralysis to the railways.
4801,0,a,he is long seemed like a capable actor and a highly intelligent guy—he has a graduate degree in literature from yale—who never quite landed in the right role.
4802,0,a,we share a common responsibility to reduce greenhouse gas emissions while keeping our economies growing.
4803,0,a,she is both an american legion and american legion auxiliary member of austin f. hanscom american legion post  in willmar and served in the army national guard from  to .
4804,1,a,my love is like communism everyone gets a share and it is only good in theory.
4805,0,a,therefore when we simulate an economic recession that has a trough in  we foresee most of the fall off in lodging industry performance to occur that same year.
4806,1,a,gonna open a karaoke place where each song is  seconds max. most are  seconds. just the chorus one time then onto the next song.
4807,0,a,the tigers seek to carve out an independent state in the north and east.
4808,0,a,the authority has assured us that they will address this conduct at all meadowlands events matt higgins the jets senior vice president-business operations said in a statement.
4809,0,a,the remaining  reimbursed her for the subway trips she took to get to her classes.
4810,1,a,four worst feelings ever . losing your job . romantic break up . death of a loved one . needing to pee when you are stuck in traffic
4811,1,a,did you hear about the abstinent lenses they never came in contact.
4812,1,a,tifu by going to jimmy john is for lunch.. whoops wrong sub.
4813,0,a,but not so.
4814,1,a,it is  and food can still make you fat get it together science.
4815,0,a,jerusalem dec.  upi -- israel is military judge advocate general has ruled the use of cluster bombs in the second lebanon war was legal.
4816,1,a,have you ever tried to eat your own watch well it is very time consuming.
4817,0,a,colorado got here by mixing small ball with a bevy of big boppers but atkins helton brad hawpe and troy tulowitzki have lost their long ball prowess.
4818,1,a,a udp packet walks into a i would tell you another udp joke but you might not get it.
4819,0,a,public officials political scientists say usually turn to history to justify policies they’ve already settled on.
4820,0,a,the researchers asked the volunteers to rank themselves on a five-point scale according to a -item inventory with questions such as i am a productive person who always gets the job done.
4821,0,a,the research was funded by the howard hughes medical institute and the national institutes of health.
4822,0,a,the final stage after  will be to stay and live longer term on the moon and utilise its resources ji said.
4823,0,a,one location blacked out in texas was jefferson county is emergency operations center in beaumont where wind speeds of  to  mph were noted said michael white the county is assistant emergency management coordinator.
4824,0,a,special representative from the un african union au europen union britain china america arab league eritrea and egypt attended.
4825,1,a,the way to a man is heart is through his stomach. unless he is a vegetarian. then you can get there through his vagina.
4826,1,a,what do you call gungan served raw tartare binks...
4827,1,a,whats the last thing you give a tickle me elmo before it leaves the factory two test-tickles.
4828,1,a,why do not geordies use scales because they can weigh things by eye man.
4829,1,a,they say that unless you remember history you are destined to repeat it. -i say to myself every time i think about cutting bangs.
4830,1,a,why did the pig wear yellow coveralls he split a seam in his blue ones.
4831,1,a,getting murdered first time sighs you will want to lacerate my abdominal aorta. sighs puts hand on the bottom of my ribcage it is here.
4832,0,a,he was always smiling.
4833,1,a,what did one wall say to the other meet me in the corner.
4834,0,a,by  the projection for  had been amended to  million and two years later to . million.
4835,1,a,clones are people two.
4836,0,a,scottish opera is production of mozart is seraglio opens at the theatre royal glasgow tonight touring to aberdeen from  november inverness from  november and edinburgh from  november.
4837,0,a,when the nottingham ice palace which had opened in  hosted its final hockey game in the spring of  zamick was among the guests.
4838,0,a,c you can examine the stock i came from.
4839,0,a,rape and arson are on the increase bearded seals are swimming upriver and a crustacean-headed serial killer is on the loose.
4840,1,a,how do you know you have a high sperm count when the girl has to chew before she swallows.
4841,1,a,no no no no no no - my brain every time words start coming out of my mouth.
4842,1,a,to all newly married guys..... if you screw up valentine is day you will be celebrating palm sunday for a long time.
4843,0,a,curt schilling and tim wakefield are at the end of their contracts but josh beckett daisuke matsuzaka and lester are all under  years old and the rookie clay buchholz who threw a no-hitter in september was not even on the postseason roster.
4844,1,a,when you are dead you have no idea you are dead. it is only difficult for other people..... much the same as when you are stupid.....
4845,1,a,how many dead bodies do i have to leave on the porch before they acknowledge me -cats
4846,1,a,what is the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea the farmer shucks between fits.
4847,0,a,maman one of her more famous works depicting a nine-metre -foot giant spider in bronze and stainless steel has already been on display for a week on the promenade which separates the museum from the river thames inviting the public into the exhibiton to explore her career.
4848,0,a,one of allen is tips the two-minute rule anything you can finish in two minutes you should do right then.
4849,0,a,the gadget would be available for purchase at british mobile phone retailer carphone warehouse as well as apple is own chain of shops he added.
4850,0,a,the company is portfolio includes its own line of ultra instruments and includes the uca - ultra container system a hospital-proven closed container system that is designed to store and transport sterilized instruments.
4851,1,a,the force awakens could have been much shorter. all the first order had to do to get rid of the resistance was to use a superconductor.
4852,0,a,i will take any help i can get.
4853,0,a,speaking with reporters after her event clinton said the backing she is getting from political leaders has meaning.
4854,1,a,where did the piglets study their abc is at a school for higher loining.
4855,1,a,who is the most forgettable disneypixar character bing-bong
4856,0,a,a baby girl was born over the sahara desert during the night aboard a brussels airlines flight from the democratic republic of congo to belgium the company said in a statement friday.
4857,0,a,coles remained on the sideline the rest of the game.
4858,0,a,iraqi residents of the border area braced for more of the violence that has destroyed parts of their villages and forced some of them to flee.
4859,1,a,what do you call someone who thinks vikings are the best a norsissist.
4860,0,a,i sat at the back of the hall as the lads came in.
4861,1,a,wanna join my feminist group we usually are outside for hours arguing over who get the hold the door open for everyone.
4862,0,a,six more performances will be offered in january with renee fleming as violetta matthew polenzani as alfredo and thomas hampson as the elder germont.
4863,0,a,after this the explosion took place and i was hit by shrapnel he said.
4864,0,a,ap—former new york city police commissioner bernard kerik surrendered friday to face federal corruption charges in what could prove to be an ongoing embarrassment for presidential hopeful rudy giuliani.
4865,1,a,fitness tip set a regular gym schedule that is easy to keep up with. for example i work out once every  years after i vote for president.
4866,0,a,in the year-ago period palm earned . million on revenue of . million.
4867,0,a,source keiser university
4868,0,a,kamal indicated that iraqi investigators had a videotape apparently showing blackwater guards firing at civilians but he declined to provide further details.
4869,1,a,do not you hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
4870,1,a,what is long hard and fucks old people osteoporosis
4871,1,a,i met this lovely girl who is an amputee lost her link is a joy to be around but... i just can not ask for her hand in marriage
4872,0,a,but at the end of day it is about going through to the next round he said.
4873,0,a,and they looked good on her.
4874,0,a,how much time has he really had to prove himself
4875,0,a,unfortunately again i could not be even close to my level said djokovic who was similarly ineffectual in his opening match against david ferrer.
4876,1,a,knock knock who is there shi huang di shi huang di who she wan deeeeez nuts. yay for history jokes.
4877,1,a,trump is campaign promises that is it
4878,1,a,what is every movie critic is favorite cooking ingredient michael bay leaves.
4879,1,a,i like to refer to star trek deep space nine as... ...keeping up with the cardassians -andampy
4880,1,a,i was going to write a joke about taps... link i did not want to faucet.
4881,0,a,thompson wants corporate tax cut
4882,0,a,the bush administration led by treasury secretary henry paulson has opposed these measures warning that they could lead to a protectionist backlash by the chinese against u.s. exports.
4883,1,a,why do not biology and physics get on they lack chemistry.
4884,1,a,i am black and my son stole my wallet. i do not know if im proud or mad.
4885,1,a,what do you get if you cut an avocado into .   pieces guacamole.
4886,0,a,we must regard development as the top priority of the party in governing and rejuvenating the country hu said only alluding in passing to the deep-seated contradictions and problems china faces.
4887,1,a,what do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard pillow fight
4888,0,a,the prototype combines traditional gps navigation with a camera and advanced image-recognition software to analyze the road ahead.
4889,0,a,the market is condition is not such that the dollar will nosedive.
4890,0,a,there is not just the  day revolt but also problems ahead on women is pensions.
4891,0,a,during his epic global journey mr lewis had both legs broken by a car in the usa was chased by a crocodile in australia capsized in the atlantic and was arrested as a potential spy in egypt.
4892,1,a,if a cop pulls you over for talking on your phone just tell him you were reporting a drunk driver.
4893,0,a,you will not see positive growth in residential investment until the end of  but that only makes up  of the us economy.
4894,0,a,investors are almost certain that the central bank will cut its benchmark interest rates when it meets this week.
4895,1,a,who wants gold amuse me link
4896,1,a,one of my fantasies is meeting bono from u and saying im a huge fan bobo.
4897,1,a,why yes that is a banana in my pocket. removes banana how did you know begins to peel and eat banana im still glad to see you though.
4898,1,a,that prank where you roll the windows down as you go through a carwash so your friends get soaked is not as funny when you do it by yourself
4899,0,a,the federal financial management improvement act of  requires among other things that the financial systems of major federal agencies comply substantially with generally accepted accounting standards.
4900,0,a,let is see if they will challenge him about men and women who have worn the uniform of the united states.
4901,1,a,i wondered what my parents did to kill boredom before the internet. i mean i asked my  brothers and sisters and none of them had a clue.
4902,1,a,poop fast and they will think u only peed. -advice i give my kids.
4903,0,a,associated press writer zakki hakim contributed to this report.
4904,1,a,you are only as awkward as you say you link link front of link were in a private link did not involve you.
4905,0,a,officers found that the witch wig and witches hat with green hair distributed by david halsall ltd failed flammability tests.
4906,0,a,based on whether someone is on the phone or has a meeting scheduled in outlook for example their presence suggests to colleagues whether to call e-mail or im.
4907,0,a,pelosi says u.s. tactics could be torture
4908,0,a,he sued his service provider.
4909,0,a,[sibling theatricals] a wholly-owned subsidiary of sibling entertainment group inc. opens at harrah is las vegas on january  .
4910,1,a,who is the most popular guy at a nudist colony the one who can bring his friends two cups of coffee and a dozen donuts.
4911,1,a,due to the prostitute is arm injury she can do no more than  handjobs a night. damn handie-cap.
4912,1,a,why are black people so tall cuz their knee grows.
4913,1,a,every girl i bring home is unemployed drunk and on drugs. im starting to think that whole opposites attract thing is bullshit.
4914,0,a,also while in india is largest city merkel awarded a -dollar prize from germany is deutsche bank to two indian projects for benefiting communities and local residents by improving their urban environments.
4915,1,a,what does a midwestern farmer and a rapper have in common they both want to make it rain.
4916,0,a,it has instructions to kill up to  whales.
4917,1,a,you know it is weird you add french to anything and it makes it better french cuisine french toast french kiss... the only exception is people.
4918,0,a,a favorite of conservatives supreme court justice clarence thomas will be featured in two books this fall.
4919,1,a,tomi lahren is pretty confident for a person whose first and last names are both misspelled
4920,0,a,what they can do is mind-blowing — it will send the music world into a spin.
4921,1,a,jimmy do not jack off you will go blind. little jimmy is dad walks into his son is room and says jimmy do not jack off you will go blind. little jimmy dad im over here in the living room...
4922,0,a,circular route
4923,1,a,what do you call a jewish rock band i want my nickelback
4924,1,a,two condoms..... two condoms pass a gay bar. one says to the other let is go in and get shit-faced.
4925,0,a,tourists can never visit the mythical porthemmet beach - but they can buy the t-shirt and much more.
4926,1,a,roses are red violets are blue god made me pretty what happened to you
4927,0,a,in the tourism area of swat formerly famous for honeymooners and the site of pakistan is only ski-lift  troops were dispatched last month to sort out an irksome local mullah fazalullah.
4928,0,a,try the lightly battered cracked conch . or conch chowder topped with peppered sherry by request . for a bowl.
4929,1,a,a carpenter goes to a brothel. had a threesome with two bi whores.
4930,0,a,that was about the same as last march when people opposed his running  percent to  percent.
4931,0,a,but by fusing sculpture architecture and the ancient landscape into a forceful visual narrative the new acropolis museum delivers a revelation that trumps the tired arguments and incessant flag waving by both sides.
4932,0,a,the bagans chose business-class tickets for  apiece children under  receive a  percent discount rather than coach tickets for .
4933,1,a,someone wrote retard on my car window. took me ages to lick it off
4934,1,a,if vaginas could only talk. oh what a story men would still not listen to.
4935,0,a,prominent argentine plastic surgery-tourism firm plenitas says it pulls in  million each year seeing over  patients since opening its doors in .
4936,0,a,this is warming the storm the opposite approach.
4937,0,a,this freakish behaviour could assist dorset police in helping to reveal the killer because of a research technique only recently applied to forensic science in the uk.
4938,0,a,the big jump for  occurred because energy prices had soared in september of  reflecting the impact of hurricane katrina.
4939,1,a,an increasing number of farmers are losing their crops due to drought it is a growing problem.
4940,1,a,why is santa is sack so big because he only cums once a year.
4941,0,a,can investors expect package and test companies to benefit from these trends
4942,1,a,why are blind people bad computer programmers because they can not c.
4943,0,a,we want respect at the table he said.
4944,0,a,she fled to spain had a breakdown and was placed in a brutal mental asylum which inspired a grim novel.
4945,0,a,after world war ii hundreds of displaced people arrived here with their families and one piece of luggage and they needed to be strong to survive just like tarzan he said.
4946,0,a,but the centuries-old nomadic lifestyle is being eroded some say it will be lucky to survive the changing times.
4947,0,a,the mission is crucial to future construction on the station said richard r. arnold ii an astronaut who will ride the shuttle next fall to carry the final solar array to the station.
4948,1,a,why does beyonce sing the song to the left because black people have no rights...
4949,0,a,in the the world according to unga north korea — whose government has given new definition to the phrase repressive malnourishment — is named to the executive board of unicef whose mission is in part to feed hungry children.
4950,0,a,miami held a - halftime lead.
4951,0,a,with the help of microsoftr gold certified partner axonom inc. roland dga replaced its previous crm systems including siebel and goldmine with a microsoft dynamics crm solution designed to develop and extend its relationships with a network of printing equipment dealers across north and south america.
4952,1,a,im old enough to remember when a car on the back of a tow truck meant a transmission problem rather than repossession problem.
4953,0,a,the document that was produced is under review.
4954,0,a,this period is about discovering and eliminating the activities habits goals or toxic thoughts that undermine your own genuine self-esteem and therefore power.
4955,1,a,a jewish kid asks his father for twenty dollars. his father replied ten dollars what in the world do you need five dollars for i would be happy to give you a dollar here is one cent.
4956,0,a,but the talks to end the violence seemed to be stumbling before they began not just because of the lackluster rebel showing.
4957,0,a,mr malik said he was then told the company had already seen his e-mailed cv and it had no suitable vacancies.
4958,1,a,doctor how do i stop my nose from running. stick your foot out and trip it up.
4959,0,a,berdych had a chance to serve out the set at - but lost his serve at love.
4960,1,a,what did the mama cow say to the baby cow it is pasture bedtime.
4961,0,a,he got back into it in the third quarter with nine points but again went passive until his late flurry capped by a beautiful three-point play with  seconds left.
4962,0,a,one resident of isu khel village said three soldiers came to his home asking for protection but he refused fearing he might be targeted by militants.
4963,0,a,the united states is willing to be an active participant and try to come up with solutions that bring comfort to people around the world that it is possible to have the technologies necessary to deal with this issue without ruining our economies.
4964,1,a,what do you call a cock-muncher is favorite meal.. not me.. stop calling me that.
4965,0,a,and if they play really well during these nine games the mets could have the division all but clinched with all  of their final games coming against two weak teams washington and florida.
4966,0,a,i’m embarrassed about being naked now that i’m older.
4967,1,a,what do you call a mexican who lost a car carlos
4968,1,a,some idiot in a nightclub came up to me and said i get  times more girls than you do haha. i replied  x  = .
4969,0,a,in the corporate market dell plans to pitch itself as the company that can simplify information technology for businesses part of an effort to gain market share from competitors like i.b.m. hewlett-packard and sun microsystems.
4970,0,a,tam_fg szymanski  .
4971,1,a,did you hear about the suicidal dolphin he lost the porpoise to live.
4972,1,a,what is the most spoken language on earth hint it is not english spanish.
4973,0,a,china confirms toxic toy findings
4974,1,a,always pay your taxes with a smile i tried but the irs still wanted cash.
4975,1,a,marriage. because your shitty day does not have to end at work.
4976,1,a,me let is go this way. shopping cart no.
4977,1,a,after giving up crack i have been sniffing brake fluid for months. it is okay - i can stop anytime i want.
4978,1,a,my sons kidnappers if u ever want to see your son alive press . para espanol marque dos me ugh i just want to speak to a real person
4979,1,a,what do you get if you cross king kong with a  snowman frostbite.
4980,0,a,this includes the cost of receptions for external visitors and delegations and the cost of annual receptions within parliament the foi request said.
4981,1,a,what do you do when you come across a tiger in the jungle wipe it off and apologize.
4982,0,a,this was in .
4983,1,a,how was the redditor with only one karma upvote able to look like he had five karma upvotes he was a karma-karma-karma-karma karma chameleon.
4984,1,a,learn from your parents mistakes... use birth control
4985,0,a,why are doctors so reluctant to look at them
4986,1,a,whats yellow and dangerous shark infested custard
4987,0,a,the reclining buddha himself is an impressive sight just short of ft long and propped up on an elbow he wears an inscrutable expression and a vague smile that makes the mona lisa is look like a cheshire cat grin.
4988,1,a,i quit drinking and people laughed at me. now the iphone  is here and i get to sell a clean and pure liver. the joke is now on them.
4989,0,a,police who believe the thieves were paid by a wealthy art lover adding to a private collection have not commented on the progress made in the investigation.
4990,0,a,philadelphia which swept new york over the weekend pulled within ½ games of the nl east-leading mets with its fifth straight win and moved a season-best  games above ..
4991,0,a,at first she wrote i started removing my photo in my profile and was going to hide the posts that provide personal details of me.
4992,1,a,why do cows have hooves instead of feet because they lactoes
4993,0,a,tensions are high between washington and tehran over u.s. accusations that iran is secretly trying to develop nuclear weapons and arming shiite militias in iraq that target u.s. troops.
4994,0,a,and of course that does not count flights cancelled more than seven days before departure a dodge northwest airlines has been using all summer to keep its published cancellation rate . percent in single digits.
4995,1,a,what do you call a circle of  bills aretha franklins. happy birthday to the queen of soul.
4996,1,a,they named a cricket tournament after my friend is grandfather. they call it the ashes for a reason.
4997,0,a,pama is the national association dedicated to enhancing professionalism and recognition of the aviation maintenance technician through communication education representation and support -- for continuous improvement in aviation safety.
4998,1,a,a jew goes up a ladder. as he reaches the top a pound coin falls from his pocket. he climbed down to retrieve it and the coin hit him on the head.
4999,1,a,rape. short word long sentence.